tr	1	I have asked to write a composition regarding the question it is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable .
tr	1	67 is the minimum score , anything below that is filed in the `` circular file basket `` .
tr	1	Lastly , I think that all this changes wo n't really be noticed as we change it daily and slowly instead abruptedly .
tr	1	The 1609 edition was dedicated to a `` Mr . W.H . `` , credited as `` the only begetter '' of the poems .
tr	1	We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .
tr	1	After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been .
tr	1	being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :
tr	1	Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .
tr	1	Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been choosen and I will do my best for this competition .
tr	1	I believe that with this hierarchy we have solved many of the problems for small and medium enterprises .
tr	1	Once one had been received , the next ten , mailed on two separate dates , were easily collected .
tr	1	Such initiatives should be backed by policies that foster positive nutritional choices .
tr	1	`` If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada , the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion ( referred to as substituted evaluation ) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points . ''
tr	1	The best option , now , under the present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work , although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion , ethnicity and language can not be the basis for secession .
tr	1	At first , the research and design courses are exiting since we are studying how cars are built .
tr	1	The office is shared with a foot doctor and it 's very sterile and medical feeling , which I liked .
tr	1	The afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on training of skills , following the Library Carpentry model as closely as possible .
tr	1	This statement , however , needs to be read in the context of hardening public attitudes toward homosexuality in England and the severe sanctions ( including public hanging ) against convicted or even suspected offenders . [ 26 ]
tr	1	My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities .
tr	1	It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .
tr	1	29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that do n't produce a paper record .
tr	1	When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .
tr	1	You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness .
tr	1	And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush ’ s service , while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry ’ s .
tr	1	Shakespeare has been commemorated in many statues and memorials around the world , including funeral monuments in Southwark Cathedral and Poets ' Corner in Westminster Abbey .
tr	1	The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth .
tr	1	I would certainly not want farmers in countries that do not want to join the euro to be penalised .
tr	1	The locations of referenced files are specified in the References dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in the Visual Basic Editor .
tr	1	Children and workers at power stations were both studied .
tr	1	There is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( Z happens after X , therefore Z is caused by X ) , and I keep revising this posting this evening because I do n't want to fall into it .
tr	1	Secondly , the doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way ,
tr	1	It can be seen as an allegory of Christ ’ s death and resurrection , though this idea produces some puzzles .
tr	1	Grand-standing is ignored .
tr	1	Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .
tr	1	Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh .
tr	1	After all , if an adequately nourished mother provides critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives , women can be viewed as the custodians of future generations ' health .
tr	1	I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .
tr	1	It clearly had been prepared from fresh ingredients .
tr	1	You will find that dressing appropriately means that you are shown more respect in return .
tr	1	Only one technical study was undertaken under the current Pericles , which is planned to continue at a broader level in 2005 .
tr	1	They want to be identified as 'Christians ' , and I fully suspect that for some of them , the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage , and has a lot more to do with the black magician 's practice of the inversion principle .
tr	1	We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started .
tr	1	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . > >
tr	1	this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures .
tr	1	So although both of us could have been repaired , only one of us had been .
tr	1	Still , one can not avoid the uneasy feeling that , when all is said and done , the contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim .
tr	1	You do n't need ideas , you do n't need to move out of your chair , you simply go on producing a noise out of the magic box to keep the natives quiet – and now , boom , it 's all gone , including the only incentive they ever had , their pension .
tr	1	I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( I do n't remember if you were there or not ) but I 'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great , thanks !
tr	1	Aldrin has been married three times .
tr	1	-- - The Crew Exploration Vehicle ( CEV ) is funded at $ 268 million .
tr	1	I am understud from your letter , what all accommodation and travel costs are paid for me , including transport to and from the airport .
tr	1	I note that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , but does it include my expenses in California ?
tr	1	This is called ideation .
tr	1	Wave 1 race — rather than , say , Wave 3 race — was used to preserve case counts .
tr	1	The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway .
tr	1	Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .
tr	1	When the Balzac children returned home , they were kept at a frigid distance by their parents , which affected the author-to-be significantly .
tr	1	A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .
tr	1	Imagine that when we got on this boat , we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts .
tr	1	The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by China 's official news agency .
tr	1	If you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .
tr	1	But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod , sole , plaice , megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas .
tr	1	The day began as it usually did when my father was expected home from his travels , the house festooned with flowers and stocked with coconut liquor .
tr	1	Then , I was forced to wait fourty five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 in stead of 19:30 and when it finally started , I was really disapointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it said on the anouncement .
tr	1	That day , I learnt that I can do even things which , at first sight , seem impossible to be done .
tr	1	If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .
tr	1	The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .
tr	1	Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al-Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al-Din .
tr	1	Each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that Province so depending upon where you were born you can google it .
tr	1	She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .
tr	1	His artworks were selected and exhibited in British Museum in 2002 .
tr	1	So we look into ancient tombed caverns and the niches into which corpses once were laid .
tr	1	If he had told everybody , J would have been blamed by whole school .
tr	1	The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .
tr	1	L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2 , 1783 , in recognition of his service to the cause of American liberty .
tr	1	There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico .
tr	1	Something intelligible , something metaphysical is communicated by these colors .
tr	1	If we are covered , then was it necessary to register EnronOnline ?
tr	1	`` The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material .
tr	1	The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at 11.30 a.m..
tr	1	I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .
tr	1	A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?
tr	1	Downtown streets were originally platted parallel to the Frisco railroad tracks .
tr	1	Well , the job is done , one asks nothing more but to fold one 's tents .
tr	1	However , a number of actions have been organised in third or candidate countries , reflecting the specific needs to protect the euro .
tr	1	It was also written in the show 's addvertisement that there would be discounts available for the tickets .
tr	1	Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .
tr	1	Currently , I am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with Harry Preuss , MD , a Professor of Medicine at Georgetown University ; it is scheduled for publication by Broadway ( Random House ) in January 2007 .
tr	1	To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .
tr	1	It was originally named 'Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .
tr	1	To finish , I wonder if I need to bring some money or if all has been already payed and what kind of clothes should I bring ?
tr	1	I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .
tr	1	Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .
tr	1	The new spending is fueled by Clinton ’ s large bank account .
tr	1	In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .
tr	1	Shakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford-upon-Avon .
tr	1	I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .
tr	1	Ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the 'degenerate ' and 'degenerate art ' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual ' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration . .
tr	1	Would someone be sent to see why he had n't come back ?
tr	1	Let 's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality , etc .
tr	1	Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat , which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain .
tr	1	The shop is located just off the river road .
tr	1	I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .
tr	1	Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?
tr	1	In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .
tr	1	It could be difficult to feel how many things has been changed in our daily life .
tr	1	I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .
tr	1	As an Austrian , I still have a vivid memory , as , I believe , we all do , of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel , where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense .
tr	1	Quinn was used to wandering .
tr	1	The bag of gold , silver and bronze jangling cheerfully in Harry 's pocket was clamouring to be spent , so he bought three large strawberry and peanut-butter ice-creams which they slurped happily as they wandered up the alley , examining the fascinating shop windows .
tr	1	It is rumored that North Korea has at least a couple nuclear weapons .
tr	1	This is called '' bolting '' and is more likely to happen when there 's extra sunshine .
tr	1	The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .
tr	1	In 1814 the Balzac family moved to Paris , and Honoré was sent to private tutors and schools for the next two and a half years .
tr	1	Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to standing water .
tr	1	Revenues for these customers were adjusted according .
tr	1	I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty , the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it , the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould .
tr	1	I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter , I 'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one .
tr	1	The history of Carcassonne is directly linked to that of its fortified city .
tr	1	Copyright and the EU 's principle of free competition should be taken into account in the televising of sports as of other events .
tr	1	I am convinced to have the right to get some money back from you because none of your promises was a carried out .
tr	1	I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .
tr	1	It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in this amendment .
tr	1	Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .
tr	1	Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA `` met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . ''
tr	1	The revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the Republican Guard .
tr	1	When you create the first custom group for a field , a custom group field is automatically added as the field 's parent .
tr	1	' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's `` striking arm '' in Iraq .
tr	1	A watcher , once discovered , could always be replaced by another .
tr	1	Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .
tr	1	The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .
tr	1	This is because people wo n't miss the great taste of food although it could be subsituted to a vitamin pill or two .
tr	1	I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is `` washing down '' your food '' ) and not ordering wine .
tr	1	So many time he was told : `` Pat I say this secret only to you `` .
tr	1	Also , some serious targets must now finally be set for the car industry .
tr	1	In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .
tr	1	He may have been seen in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al-Maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .
tr	1	In 1996 , the EDU 's mandate was extended to include the smuggling of human beings .
tr	1	It was called Prototaxites .
tr	1	I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .
tr	1	Auster put the check on the coffee table , as if to say the matter had been settled .
tr	1	What kind of people will be invited at your Camp in this summer ?
tr	1	Quinn was about to say something in response to Auster 's theory , but he was not given the chance .
tr	1	( 5 ) Action should be taken during the design phase of EUPs , since it appears that the pollution caused during a product 's life cycle is determined at that stage , and most of the costs involved are committed then .
tr	1	When you move a field to the category area , the unique items of data are displayed as categories , or related groups of data .
tr	1	A further nine percent can be eliminated over the next eight years , at a reasonable cost .
tr	1	Instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity .
tr	1	According to Yonhap news agency , quoting North Korea 's main news agency Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , the country 's military has been placed on high alert and has been told to prepare a `` quasi-state of war '' .
tr	1	Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .
tr	1	I was born and raised in Toronto , which has a huge West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .
tr	1	Copies of this message are located below .
tr	1	0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against `` priority pathogens '' listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001 .
tr	1	But Europe will not stand by while the world 's trade rules are flouted .
tr	1	This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium , which were used in much of the Institute 's subsequent research .
tr	1	In this sense , fans of the series represent an emerging model for cultural consumption that should be carefully explored .
tr	1	An ancient town and capital of Persia from 1598 to 1722 , it was long noted for its fine carpets and silver filigree .
tr	1	Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .
tr	1	Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
tr	1	The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic in nature , with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors .
tr	1	First of all I have been attracted by the actors - Danny Brooks and Tina Truelove - and not by the actors who played effectly that evening .
tr	1	The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .
tr	1	The main Kurdish coalition list ( PUK and KDP ) is barely mentioned outside the Kurdish region .
tr	1	The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty .
tr	1	Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0 % sulfur .
tr	1	The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .
tr	1	Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .
tr	1	Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .
tr	1	Grammar schools varied in quality during the Elizabethan era , but grammar school curricula were largely similar , the basic Latin text was standardised by royal decree , and the school would have provided an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors .
tr	1	Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .
tr	1	Those attachments are what I was asked .
tr	1	The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district .
tr	1	Newsweek reported that a `` second wave '' involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .
tr	1	`` Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
tr	1	At first the show started much later than it was written out .
tr	1	Secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is specially organized by us .
tr	1	The hotel your group has been booked into is called Palace Hotel .
tr	1	If you do n't want to retain your filter selections , make sure the AutoFilter button is not selected before you start selecting items to filter .
tr	1	During this time , Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing .
tr	1	Thats how they were caught .
tr	1	However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .
tr	1	When you move a field to the series area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed as data series in the chart .
tr	1	Mathematically this law is now written : ½ ρ u 2 + P = constant where P is pressure , ρ is the density of the fluid and u is its velocity .
tr	1	Throughout the war , Pearl Harbor was frequently used in American propaganda .
tr	1	There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...
tr	1	The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .
tr	1	True , the ship had had to be moved into its berth by the tugs but it had been crippled only briefly .
tr	1	Goal is to ( politely ? ) refute Loretta Lynch 's and Carl Woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) California 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command-and-control regulation .
tr	1	The second part makes it clear that benefits of a value greater than ECU 100 must be declared .
tr	1	Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .
tr	1	If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .
tr	1	You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
tr	1	These were almost completely forgotten until after Smith 's death .
tr	1	< < In `` Love 's Labour 's Lost '' we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .
tr	1	The first pre-historic settlements was constructed in 3000 BC around the hill of Acropolis .
tr	1	Capt . Spastic 's Demented World is located at : < >
tr	1	One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah .
tr	1	Over the course of the next 15 years , money was poured into new transportation infrastructure projects , the restoration of surviving neoclassical buildings , the gentrification of the city 's historical center and the renovation of many former industrial areas and the city 's coastline .
tr	1	I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .
tr	1	Modern technology has variety of uses and its possibilities are being widened more and more .
tr	1	I recently had the opportunity to see `` over the rainbow `` which was played last week in the Circle theatre .
tr	1	Shakespeare was not revered in his lifetime , but he received a large amount of praise .
tr	1	or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...
tr	1	Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
tr	1	My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to `` on '' but the camera does not respond to any function .
tr	1	An update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .
tr	1	( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .
tr	1	The `` food '' is believed to contain some of those
tr	1	Sometime before 1623 , a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall , with a half-effigy of him in the act of writing .
tr	1	Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .
tr	1	Is it agreed ?
tr	1	HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .
tr	1	In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , `` The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .
tr	1	My question is related to Mr Smith 's question .
tr	1	Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .
tr	1	China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .
tr	1	We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted .
tr	1	Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers .
tr	1	Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .
tr	1	This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .
tr	1	Before that , we are turned loose to get dinner .
tr	1	( 14 ) As a general principle , the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off-mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning .
tr	1	It 's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building , by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway .
tr	1	Just kidding , Pepsi is actually in the process of being thrown out of India for similar crimes , as well .
tr	1	My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .
tr	1	If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http : //home.enron.com/employeemeeting .
tr	1	Due to its beautiful hand-painted tiling and magnificent public square , it is considered to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
tr	1	Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .
tr	1	This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .
tr	1	Fort Lee is known and named for the story of how General George Washington was forced to evacuate the area in November of 1776 and begin his famous retreat through New Jersey during the winter of 1776-77 in the protection of `` Fort Lee '' .
tr	1	The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .
tr	1	Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .
tr	1	When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .
tr	1	The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons , totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .
tr	1	James Eichelberger , a State Department political scientist who had been an account executive for J Walter Thompson , one of the world 's largest advertising and public-relations firms , `` was sent to Cairo where he talked with Nasser and his confidants and produced a series of papers identifying the new government 's problems and recommending policies to deal with them . ''
tr	1	In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron .
tr	1	Though `` decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .
tr	1	When , a couple of weeks later we were invited over to his house we saw that this was not an idle remark .
tr	1	I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !
tr	1	Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .
tr	1	She also claims that in 1997 and 1998 , she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the ship .
tr	1	However , I have been asked by the class to propose you another visit .
tr	1	Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a `` more general reflection '' ( ( it ) ) is needed .
tr	1	But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up..
tr	1	The video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .
tr	1	This is not the first time that developing countries have been hit hard by abrupt mood swings in global financial markets .
tr	1	Paris claims she was first sent to the ship aged eighteen for two weeks as a teenager but ended up spending twelve years there .
tr	1	The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning , then back to the Chathams in the afternoon .
tr	1	These views , no substitute for common sense , are based upon careful staff work at the Hudson Institute .
tr	1	For example , speaking of sports , a lot of remarkable progress has been made in especially swimming costumes and athletes ' costumes for Olympic .
tr	1	Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced .
tr	1	This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .
tr	1	However , the bartenders/waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .
tr	1	Additionally , 15 % of students answered they want the presentation lesson to be filmed .
tr	1	Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away .
tr	1	-Page 71 , 72 and 73 with 48 new pictures of cats and kittens are added to The Cat Album today .
tr	1	More specifically , when analyzing weighted sample data employing the svy suite of commands in Stata the conventional Pearson χ2 statistic test of independence is converted into “ an F statisticwith noninteger degrees of freedom by using a second-order Rao and Scott ( 1981 [ 22 ] , 1984 [ 23 ] ) correction ” . [ 24 ]
tr	1	It is opened from 10:00 to 19:00 and it is for free for students .
tr	1	we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front .
tr	1	Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .
tr	1	They are social and like to be handled .
tr	1	Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .
tr	1	He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .
tr	1	A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone , or presented at the till .
tr	1	This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .
tr	1	What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .
tr	1	With a computer however , all this is done in the matter of seconds .
tr	1	Dobby has heard Dumbledore 's powers rival those of He Who Must Not Be Named at the height of his strength .
tr	1	Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .
tr	1	First of all , the main actor was not Dany Brook as it was expected so .
tr	1	The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s , with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence , and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V .
tr	1	The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes .
tr	1	Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics .
tr	1	I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .
tr	1	Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .
tr	1	Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there ?
tr	1	The international exemption for aircraft kerosene must be abolished as quickly as possible .
tr	1	Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a `` gloss translation '' in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .
tr	1	1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .
tr	1	I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .
tr	1	People are open minded thr since the place is frequented by Firangs .
tr	1	Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .
tr	1	Clean paper can be purchased cheaply from moving supply stores .
tr	1	Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which is this global system .
tr	1	I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .
tr	1	Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner-up as the victor .
tr	1	In fact , the notice had been showed since last winter .
tr	1	And I Will like to be accommodated in a log Cabin , because I do not like sleeping in tents , because of the bugs and insects .
tr	1	Our study is organized as follows .
tr	1	These are decorated uniquely and marvelously .
tr	1	When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .
tr	1	Egypt had a role to play as they convinced Hamas to end the attacks , although the same can not be said of Islamic Jihad .
tr	1	So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .
tr	1	Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone .
tr	1	The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .
tr	1	The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http : //www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > < < http : //www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > >
tr	1	It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .
tr	1	Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .
tr	1	The business intrusted to this fellow was the making of bricks – so I had been informed ; but there was n't a fragment of a brick anywhere in the station , and he had been there more than a year – waiting .
tr	1	In the New Territories West geographical constituency , nonpartisan pan-democrat Eddie Chu was elected with 84,121 votes , the most given to any list in the geographical constituencies .
tr	1	My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .
tr	1	The project is called Stardust @ home .
tr	1	These days , we 've been sorrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
tr	1	Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference ; justice would not be served then .
tr	1	We will be full of emotion and the visitors will be correspondingly full of emotion , and after they have been wined and feted and dined and toasted and televised and paraded and clapped and the supplying of loans and atomic plants and military hardware has been discussed they will love us .
tr	1	That ’ s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked out .
tr	1	Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank .
tr	1	According to hagiography , Theodorus was born into a wealthy Christian family and was well educated from a young age .
tr	1	This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .
tr	1	Repeat the above two steps for all bottles , ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color contamination .
tr	1	Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America , Richard Cheney , who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company , and Condoleeza Rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .
tr	1	Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread , is ongoing .
tr	1	On the other hand , it was possible that Stillman had known all along that he would be watched – had even known it in advance – and therefore had not taken the trouble to discover who the particular watcher was .
tr	1	When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .
tr	1	Sufaat , according to both KSM and Hambali , did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used .
tr	1	There were plans to initiate an uprising during his funeral , but during the same time frame the leaders heard of General Jean Maximilien Lamarque 's death , and the rising was postponed without any uprising occurring until 5 June .
tr	1	The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .
tr	1	Also there was another problem , I planned to visit the Theatre restaurant after the show , I could not , was closed because it has been refurbished and redecorated .
tr	1	He had just been beaten by a ground of white men .
tr	1	Perhaps it won ’ t matter as I won ’ t be troubled long .
tr	1	Application folder containing the application ( the folder where Msaccess.exe is located ) .
tr	1	Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;
tr	1	Socotra takes pride in their eco-tourism and values their spectacular plant and wildlife that may sometimes be only found on this island .
tr	1	The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '
tr	1	While the report was being prepared , it was interesting to discuss the Union 's regional policy in general .
tr	1	Even civil servants at national and local government level in Britain are not allowed to get involved in electioneering as the Commissioners are doing .
tr	1	A demonstration in Berlin , carrying banners supporting Saddam 's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderers , is defined by the press and by political leaders as a `` peace demonstration '' .
tr	1	Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .
tr	1	Where our bedroom walls were decorated with posters of pop stars and footballers , Steven had diagrams setting out tooth implementations , anatomical drawings of the jaw with brightly coloured nerves , muscle , blood vessels , bones , and , of course , teeth .
tr	1	It is always shown on television in great detail .
tr	1	They were usually situated next to the owner 's factory .
tr	1	In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .
tr	1	Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .
tr	1	The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .
tr	1	2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display only Golf sales in Qtr3 .
tr	1	I regret this , but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .
tr	1	Food was cooked by many hands .
tr	1	Copies will be distributed .
tr	1	while in The Rape of Lucrece , the virtuous wife Lucrece is raped by the lustful Tarquin .
tr	1	They were standing at the door of Mweta 's taxi ; there was a sudden uprush of feeling between the two men ; the Englishman stood there , the small , quick black man took him by the biceps , hard , through his dark suit , as in his own country he would have linked fingers with a brother .
tr	1	All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .
tr	1	The negative effects of falling population growth can be mitigated by easing restrictions on international migration , and by encouraging more women and retirees to enter or stay in the workforce .
tr	1	Tradition has it that the theme was selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived in Palma .
tr	1	A survey has been done , and the issue is , wich subjects ( lessons ) and activities the students thinks are the most enjoyables .
tr	1	The spokesman did not rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated .
tr	1	But you can not repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’ s built on mutation .
tr	1	Cornyn 's statement added , `` There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
tr	1	Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .
tr	1	It is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate , including titles , as this information is being given directly to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen .
tr	1	Business Case : If we offered Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .
tr	1	I am writing to give my opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held 21st and 22nd November .
tr	1	Keep swirling the mixture until the Skittles are almost completely dissolved .
tr	1	Since then , India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well .
tr	1	Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .
tr	1	The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum .
tr	1	I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .
tr	1	Standards have been raised , and the question of the radio ham has also been given attention .
tr	1	Similarly , the dot-com bubble that preceded this period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog food and soft drinks online .
tr	1	- With regard to the range of information exchanges and methodologies/measures , most have been presented in the various workshops , meetings and seminars .
tr	1	My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .
tr	1	The food is amazing , and the prices can not be beat .
tr	1	In Vietnam , when a baby was born , they must be named `` first name '' according to that of their fathers .
tr	1	Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .
tr	1	No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation .
tr	1	The bird was gone ; he knew , almost as if the breath 's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released .
tr	1	Many free concerts , performances and other events are held daily .
tr	1	Alcoholic drinks like beer , mead , bjórr ( a strong fruit wine ) and , for the rich , imported wine , were served .
tr	1	The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .
tr	1	Their popularity could be explained by their comfort and easy use .
tr	1	I think this festival is a great idea because it 's a possibility to see and to love the art , but , I think also there are some things thas could be changed .
tr	1	the stage was covered with all sort of light and we made it look like a waterfall .
tr	1	This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum .
tr	1	How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?
tr	1	He was released on US $ 20,000 bail on Thursday .
tr	1	She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room , a little fermented .
tr	1	It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .
tr	1	They were just flung out there , and on we went .
tr	1	Higher levels of proficiency ( or exposure ) may be associated with less attrition [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 21 ] , [ 23 ] or even with no observed losses [ 21 ] .
tr	1	Although he still had the same body , the same mind , the same thoughts , he felt as though he had somehow been taken out of himself , as if he no longer had to walk around with the burden of his own consciousness .
tr	1	York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .
tr	1	It was not a house to be quitted .
tr	1	Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century , many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval ; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century .
tr	1	He has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens ' influences .
tr	1	Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece , books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese , Enchantment in Baking , and One Minute Feasts – It 's Magic !
tr	1	Speaking and Listening class should be filmed because the purpose of this class is to encourage students talk about some topics they choose and discuss with others in order to prove their speaking and listening skills .
tr	1	However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .
tr	1	Financed entirely with Bernard Tapie 's own money , these schools were closed in 1994 when he was declared bankrupt .
tr	1	The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .
tr	1	It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .
tr	1	Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes .
tr	1	I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .
tr	1	But we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes .
tr	1	They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
tr	1	Past studies establish that each of these efforts is strongly and positively influenced through various forms of faculty diversity , including ethnic , racial , and gender diversity .
tr	1	The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . ''
tr	1	While India is ready to enter into a `` defense cooperation agreement '' with Sri Lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .
tr	1	Payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions , in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to Buyer .
tr	1	Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .
tr	1	Also , there are other sites , notably podiobooks.com , which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox .
tr	1	He has been described as `` arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time '' . [ 5 ]
tr	1	This is important , because as we will show in §6 below , some of the Eegimaa death prevention names and child-bearing names are given to Eegimaa people from other communities .
tr	1	Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .
tr	1	TDS meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .
tr	1	Nonetheless , I should like to take up two points which are mentioned in the Environment Committee 's report .
tr	1	Only here the dwellings were gone too .
tr	1	What is more , every places is explained by English .
tr	1	You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .
tr	1	Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions .
tr	1	- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .
tr	1	The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
tr	1	to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;
tr	1	He was descended from a family of Aberdeenshire , holders of the small estate of Auchleuchries , near Ellon .
tr	1	~It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .
tr	1	Miramar was founded September 20 1888 .
tr	1	The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .
tr	1	Feb 2005 is the projected release date , although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard , so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006 ...
tr	1	The ruins were later built over .
tr	1	In the conclusion of my report I would like to say that the suggestions were made according to the survey made among the students of our school .
tr	1	Those of age will be offered 500 euros by the state , to be spent by 31st December 2017 .
tr	1	If you go later , it 's all cleaned up .
tr	1	A few days ago you told me that you have to read `` the old man and the sea `` by Hemingway for school ; well , on friday is going to be read , on the frequency 96.7 , this book .
tr	1	Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done .
tr	1	My concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated Topack and Needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ? ?
tr	1	The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .
tr	1	30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called `` Kenny Boy '' ) still not being charged with a crime .
tr	1	I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .
tr	1	When items in a field are hidden by autofiltering or filter by selection , the drop-down arrow Field arrow in the field label is blue .
tr	1	The Toronto office will be video conferenced in .
tr	1	This document , called `` Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , '' went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , `` between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .
tr	1	You will not be disappointed ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	1	The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .
tr	1	Arafat 's death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .
tr	1	The 26 so-called `` Dark Lady '' sonnets , addressed to a married woman , are taken as evidence of heterosexual liaisons .
tr	1	They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
tr	1	This conjecture is also supported by other letters Galois later wrote to his friends the night before he died .
tr	1	In the world press , commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad , especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
tr	1	In other words , show that you 're attracted to this person by giving him or her a great conversation , not by stating it outright .
tr	1	IMPLICATION -- It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .
tr	1	Fort Lee is bordered by Edgewater , Englewood Cliffs , Cliffside Park and Leonia .
tr	1	Replication studies are considered by many to play a fundamental role in any scientific endeavor .
tr	1	It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .
tr	1	This would have to be determined on a case by case basis .
tr	1	What is being asked of small employers here is very difficult .
tr	1	The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .
tr	1	I was few of the lukiest people from my school to be picked up to help at the pop concert which took place in my town .
tr	1	I 'm a little bit inspired by dreams but when eventually I started to write more seriously I was more interested in structure which also .. a bit like mathematics in a way .. for example my first book is called Opus 1 .. a collection of four long stories with musical structures .
tr	1	The day before the outbreak of World War II , Łódź was inhabited by approximately 672,000 people , among whom 35 % were of Jewish faith and some 15 % were ethnic German .
tr	1	The family was connected with the noble branch of Haddo .
tr	1	On the one hand , those people are equal to us in the way that they had a childhood , thy got married and built a family ...
tr	1	Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully debated and worked out , for example continuity in Kong 's civil service .
tr	1	That too was stopped .
tr	1	Unfortunately , the next evening , one hour before the beginning of the show , we learnt that actors have been changed at the last minute .
tr	1	I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda , because at the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter .
tr	1	In 2011 , Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent fragrance , Opium .
tr	1	I would like to suggest you how the programm could be changed .
tr	1	My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .
tr	1	The road to the village would be blocked , the dog ran over the soft fields breathing like a dragon ...
tr	1	That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda .
tr	1	Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door ... .right next to the ice machine .
tr	1	If no .xsl file is specified , the data is saved in standard XML format .
tr	1	I gave the woman I spoke with today a `` You 've been yelped ! '' card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
tr	1	The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .
tr	1	Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the land is not protected by a covering of vegetation .
tr	1	With a view to ensuring the clear structure in the fight against currency counterfeiting as well as close cooperation and efficient flow of information National Central Offices ( NCO ) were established in all Member States .
tr	1	ll The exchange of information on environmental life cycle performance and on the achievements of design solutions should be facilitated .
tr	1	You 'd think they would do a good job but they do n't care unless they are getting paid full price .
tr	1	My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !
tr	1	It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .
tr	1	York is frequently ranked ( often vying with Manchester ) the second most visited city in England after London .
tr	1	I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .
tr	1	In May , 1750 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society .
tr	1	On the subject at hand , I think that the people of Europe must be able to be confident that the goods - however dangerous they are - which are transported on Europe 's roads , railways , and so on are as safe as possible .
tr	1	So I am asking you to pay me back at least half of the ticket price for the inconvenience that was caused to me .
tr	1	Local public transportation hubs are often swamped by the event .
tr	1	I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .
tr	1	The ReportML file can be used to convert the saved data into a data access page .
tr	1	for 2005 another 18 actions are intended by the Member States and the Commission .
tr	1	As a result , he was frequently sent to the `` alcove , '' a punishment cell reserved for disobedient students .
tr	1	I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa .
tr	1	Therefore , our life has been influenced and changed by developing of technology .
tr	1	It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .
tr	1	Fort Lee is located between the Paramus , NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan .
tr	1	Also the show was supposed to start at 19.30 but finally it started at 20.15 and that is such a waste of others people time .
tr	1	They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .
tr	1	Senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him .
tr	1	The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .
tr	1	This short story is about a man who is accused of having murdered a rich elderly widow who inherited her whole fortune to him .
tr	1	It was prefaced with a poem by Ben Jonson , in which Shakespeare is hailed , presciently , as `` not of an age , but for all time .
tr	1	When products and wastes containing mercury are improperly disposed of , mercury is released into the air , ground or water .
tr	1	The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars .
tr	1	I would prefer to be held more performances next year in the bigger halls .
tr	1	Finally , the `` Hatfill theory '' seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .
tr	1	But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .
tr	1	Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
tr	1	I was not used to get things that way , you know .
tr	1	According to the controversial `` Feith memo , '' which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connection , Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent .
tr	1	( Only recently have a few experienced State Department Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )
tr	1	Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann , who can be reached at 315-460-3349 .
tr	1	As neither Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt , Aunt Petunia knew he had n't really done magic , but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head with the soapy frying pan .
tr	1	I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .
tr	1	Another disappointing thing was that you did not explain the reason why it was delayed by 20:15 .
tr	1	When I ran eHow , the content was professionally produced and edited .
tr	1	The manager said it was closed because they had not been informed that there would be a show in that date .
tr	1	While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .
tr	1	Secondly , as you know we 'll have a party after the conference , which will be taken place at our student council hall with some meals .
tr	1	I am hungry and nothing is offered to appease my appetite .
tr	1	Mr President , there has been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal products .
tr	1	Leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .
tr	1	When Iraq invaded Kuwait , many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany , France , Canada , Denmark , England , the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .
tr	1	The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .
tr	1	The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in the end of the 19th century .
tr	1	I love walking in and not being hassled .
tr	1	( 12 ) Although a comprehensive approach to environmental performance is desirable , greenhouse gas mitigation through increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal pending the adoption of a working plan .
tr	1	He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day .
tr	1	It is as if someone were to steal my wallet and I were then expected to sit down and negotiate with him .
tr	1	Two of them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior !
tr	1	As you know , underage wizards are not permitted to perform spells outside school , and further spellwork on your part may lead to expulsion from said school ( Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery , 1875 , Paragraph C ) .
tr	1	companies use computers instead of books , dentist use modernized electrical item instead of just a plier , even homes are effected .
tr	1	In Holland and other countries the original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of chicken and pig feed .
tr	1	Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .
tr	1	Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A & M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
tr	1	Such translations then would be concerned with such correspondences as poetry to poetry , sentence to sentence , and concept to concept .
tr	1	No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .
tr	1	Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report .
tr	1	if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .
tr	1	Ca n't say I saw any road or any upkeep , unless the body of a middle-aged negro , with a bullet-hole in the forehead , upon which I absolutely stumbled three miles farther on , may be considered as a permanent improvement .
tr	1	At the top of everything , your theatre restaurant was closed because it was being restructurated , so I could n't have my dinner either !
tr	1	A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James Watt .
tr	1	The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .
tr	1	The craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city I 'm in- they just have 'teams ' in areas through the country .
tr	1	I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .
tr	1	It 's even made out to you .
tr	1	Her best-known stories have been made into movies .
tr	1	As you tell me in your last letter you were talking about rules in your class and you want to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home .
tr	1	Tulsa has one of the largest concentrations of Art Deco in the nation , having been a booming city during the 1920s when the architecture was first built by rich oil barons who built stately mansions and turned the Downtown area into a treasure trove of art .
tr	1	However , they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman , close to the Hudson River .
tr	1	Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly ( even with the dirtier powder ) the Vietnam era M-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for .
tr	1	Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .
tr	1	She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .
tr	1	Am I scheduled to attend ?
tr	1	This trip was organised by our form tutor , he wanted to test us if we trust each other and worked in a team , and the trip last for 3 days .
tr	1	The fashion starts at 10:00 am and ends at 19:00 p.m. and will be realized on 14 March , so we can change the shopping with this event that is realized in the afternoon , and put the shopping at night .
tr	1	I 've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course..if you know about Limerick , what are the pros and cons ?
tr	1	esp if not eating - if it had only happened once and could get him to eat right away - it could have been you missed his meal time and he needed to eat - since it sounds like it has happened several times over two days - then he may have gotten int to something that needs to be attended to RIGHT AWAY ! ! !
tr	1	I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times .
tr	1	Once his studies were completed , Balzac was persuaded by his father to follow him into the law ;
tr	1	In flight , if the door of your plane comes open you are sucked into space .
tr	1	As to his opponent in the duel , Alexandre Dumas names Pescheux d'Herbinville , [ 13 ] who was actually one of the nineteen artillery officers whose acquittal was celebrated at the banquet that occasioned Galois ' first arrest . [ 20 ]
tr	1	I think a test like this one is much needed .
tr	1	One of the architectural masterpieces of Safavid Iranian architecture , this mosque is considered to be the most beautiful in Iran .
tr	1	You say you work a lot , and that you have a young dog ; so I have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn ; and it is good of you to look for a place to take him .
tr	1	The Macedonian army advanced as far as the pass of Thermopylae which divides Greece in two parts , but it did not attempt to take it because it was strongly guarded by a joint force of Athenians , Spartans , and Achaeans .
tr	1	Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
tr	1	What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .
tr	1	I am very pleasant to know you decided to come to the `` II International conference of Human Rights `` which will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25 of June .
tr	1	Your luggage will be brought to the entrance , if you 'll just give me the tickets ...
tr	1	Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s- is alleged in the book Disposable Patriot , by Jack Terrell .
tr	1	The thing about The Script is they do not sound that Irish , I was surprised to hear they were from Dublin .
tr	1	Her eyes were veined with red .
tr	1	Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted .
tr	1	EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW , IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK , EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
tr	1	We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .
tr	1	`` The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .
tr	1	Dedicated bodies were created for the technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States , the ECB - for banknotes , and the Commission - for coins .
tr	1	You do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour due to some railtrack repairs , you can just jump into a car , tune your radio onto your favourite station and have a plesant drive to your distanation .
tr	1	The canopy must be steered away from power lines and similar obstructions ;
tr	1	Foster 's washed up . A has-been . A mean-faced bozo . Quinn chewed his food carefully , feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone .
tr	1	Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .
tr	1	you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .
tr	1	So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband .
tr	1	the aid measures shall be communicated to the Commission within four months of the date of accession .
tr	1	slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms .
tr	1	`` Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .
tr	1	I have been advised by our Construction Manager , Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .
tr	1	This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You .
tr	1	North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the seven-continent model .
tr	1	You 've always been subscribed to friends .
tr	1	Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .
tr	1	And , in 1999 Europol ’ s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [ 4 ] .
tr	1	We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell-check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .
tr	1	`` Though we do not deny that fact that Jews were killed in the ( second world ) war , why should the Palestinians pay for it ? ''
tr	1	While some of his books never reached a finished state , some of those - such as Les employés ( The Government Clerks , 1841 ) - are nonetheless noted by critics .
tr	1	As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .
tr	1	When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .
tr	1	The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?
tr	1	Harry also had a good comment -- -do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence .
tr	1	She was described by The Guardian of London as the 'Queen of the curve ' , who `` liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity. ``
tr	1	Hicking activity was chosen by 20 % students , followed by the soccer .
tr	1	Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note . ?
tr	1	This is n't meant to begin a conflict , but to gauge their rivalries , annoyances and enmities .
tr	1	Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop , Houston , Texas , phone number : 713-793-2000. ?
tr	1	an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
tr	1	It is also thought that school trips are to be filmed because it is a wide range of interesting places available .
tr	1	In the end , his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion .
tr	1	From this point of view I think Heathcliff should n't be hated by his bad temper .
tr	1	The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf , with some 7,000 souls aboard .
tr	1	They also were asked to wear clothes which was in accordance with the occasion .
tr	1	On September 12 , 1992 , Coron was finally reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion .
tr	1	Some historians , such as Chandler and Weller , assert that the British heavy cavalry were destroyed as a viable force following their first , epic charge .
tr	1	What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .
tr	1	On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .
tr	1	To this end , entertainment media like soap operas , which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative Middle Eastern societies , could be employed .
tr	1	With regard to the aspects of euro protection , where the responsibility belongs to the Member States , expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services .
tr	1	I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .
tr	1	Water burst over the barrels and cans standing under the eaves and gutters , flooding the pathways , carrying away all that wasn ’ t fixed solid and licking at the stairs to the back porch before climbing each step and lapping against the planks we were sitting on , a wooden raft surrounded by angry water and martial beat drum , drum , drumming on the roof above .
tr	1	Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who are n't normally touched by poetry .
tr	1	Thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house-keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for convenient life .
tr	1	There was a touch of insanity in the proceeding , a sense of lugubrious drollery in the sight ; and it was not dissipated by somebody on board assuring me earnestly there was a camp of natives – he called them enemies ! – hidden out of sight somewhere .
tr	1	Besides the boredom of having waited for forty-five minutes , we were not allowed to visit the restaurant after the show , since it was already closed by the time the show finished .
tr	1	On the other side , I enjoyed to being on of the people to see the plays and films , dance shows which was brillantly performed - art exbitions .
tr	1	In 1955 , Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life .
tr	1	The first concerns the proposal that would prevent political groups being formed of Members from one country only .
tr	1	no one was charged for forced marriage , only the beating .
tr	1	It is occasionally denounced by some Israelis as corrupt , `` Levantine , '' theocratic .
tr	1	On 2 June , Évariste Galois was buried in a common grave of the Montparnasse Cemetery whose exact location is unknown . [ 17 ] [ 15 ]
tr	1	However , for France two base areas are established .
tr	1	In the past , I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak ( and this was the sirloin ! ) , the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side .
tr	1	But suddenly the music stops and a terrorist bomb is reported .
tr	1	The following illustration shows what the data will look like after the Category field has been removed .
tr	1	Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers .
tr	1	Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .
tr	1	In 1623 , in conjunction with the publication of the First Folio , the Droeshout engraving was published .
tr	1	These North African and Oriental immigrants are blamed for bringing a baksheesh mentality to Israel ; the intellectuals are blamed for letting the quality of life ( a deplorable phrase ) deteriorate .
tr	1	Projects have to be carried out more efficiently , more flexibly and they have to be made more productive .
tr	1	Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al-Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .
tr	1	The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .
tr	1	Modern technology have been changing the human life since the first many was born .
tr	1	I think the people who came there should be paid back .
tr	1	In a timid voice , he says : `` If an airplane carrying Winston Peters was blown up by a bomb , THAT would be a tragedy '' .
tr	1	Females after their first calf is already weaned :
tr	1	Such a scenario may be found in different situations , including when one studies a language in a classroom and then stops taking classes [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] and when one is immersed in a foreign language setting and then moves away [ 19 ] .
tr	1	You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .
tr	1	You wo n't dance but the earning is guarantee !
tr	1	The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .
tr	1	L'Enfant was recruited by Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais to serve in the American Revolutionary War in the United States .
tr	1	The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .
tr	1	In its scope it belongs to the most far-reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .
tr	1	Otherwise , he was locked in his room around the clock .
tr	1	Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
tr	1	Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .
tr	1	Also the sports-activities should be filmed ; they express an aggregative and social way of living school-life and can be useful to see and check out the moviments of the bodys during the atletics-school games .
tr	1	First of all , Danny Brook , an excellent actor , who ( according to the play advertisement ) was supposed to perform , was replaced for a disappointing actor .
tr	1	My third point has also been mentioned already .
tr	1	It is the officer 's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited .
tr	1	So the World Cup is ... it 's good to be able to do well at the World Cup , to be placed , but it also means that you get a really good opportunity to know where you 're at in that two year gap between the Paralympics .
tr	1	When was Miramar founded ?
tr	1	Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .
tr	1	A second set of problems concerns the need to ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair , which is the key to its political sustainability .
tr	1	That is so annoying that everything had been changed without any notice .
tr	1	In 1072 , Shen was sent to supervise Wang 's program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the capital city .
tr	1	I really hate it , because we 're not allowed to wear casual and fashonable clothes , colourful shoes and colourful socks .
tr	1	It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigsty , but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several storeys high and so crooked it looked as though it was held up by magic ( which , Harry reminded himself , it probably was ) .
tr	1	There would be a charge of thirty cents , he was told .
tr	1	It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .
tr	1	I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .
tr	1	It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .
tr	1	Shakespeare 's will scarcely mentions his wife , Anne , who was probably entitled to one third of his estate automatically .
tr	1	A copy of the Constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http : //loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
tr	1	You 've always been subscribed to your friends .
tr	1	This also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG & E 's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 , to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions .
tr	1	With the decision to move the national capital from Nafplio to Athens , architects and city planners were hired to build a new city next to the classical ruins , with grand neoclassical homes and public buildings , large city squares , green spaces , and wide avenues , making a conscious , decisive turn from the city 's Ottoman past .
tr	1	I called Home-Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window , and was happily surprised when they said that they were n't even going to charge me for the replacement screen ... that it would be covered under their guarentee .
tr	1	In July 1918 , the Franco-Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .
tr	1	More than two billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine deficiency , and yet the problem is easily fixed .
tr	1	( 13 ) It may be necessary and justified to establish specific quantified ecodesign requirements for some products or environmental aspects thereof in order to ensure that their environmental impact is minimised .
tr	1	Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .
tr	1	This , Pakistan 's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told , is the `` minimum '' that the Pakistan army will accept .
tr	1	When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal-Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .
tr	1	He 's been away for a week and I was thinking of waiting for him in his apartment wearing only his dress shirt .
tr	1	'Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are put in the way of free exchange , for demand and supply will regulate everything better than any Government would be able to . '
tr	1	In line with Article 13 of the Pericles Decision , the evaluation of the Pericles programme was assigned to the independent auditor of the European Anti-Fraud Office ( OLAF ) who submitted the evaluation report on 30 November 2004 .
tr	1	It became his Independence story ; as the story of the cigarette company 's helicopter was Neil Bayley 's , related again and again while the private drama between husband and wife that had made it pass unremarked at the time was quite dropped out of the context .
tr	1	The outer circle can not be eliminated by force .
tr	1	Most fields , on the other hand , including computer science , lack a single all-encompassing organization and membership information is instead distributed across many disjoint lists , such as web-based faculty directories for individual departments .
tr	1	If it yacks on like that in an exam , I ’ ll get thrown out .
tr	1	Because of it , I was waited for a long time ,
tr	1	Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured .
tr	1	Disabled athletes also challenge existing relations of power by displaying dedication , hard work and perseverance in different contexts than those most sports fans are accustomed to .
tr	1	On a form or report , you can also specify that a control is shadowed or chiseled .
tr	1	If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe from being hit by bludgers .
tr	1	Some of the greatest poetry has been born out of failure and the depths of adversity in the human experience .
tr	1	Meanwhile , a decision 's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .
tr	1	Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church , and theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to Judaism .
tr	1	- Emphasis should be put on practical training .
tr	1	So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .
tr	1	The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled `` Anonymous '' , on the website `` Insurgency Wiki '' , a spinoff of 4chan .
tr	1	Those who show up with complaints but can not point to specifics are virtually ignored .
tr	1	It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .
tr	1	Because Fort Lee is situated above the banks of the Hudson River , there are breathtaking views from almost any window facing the river .
tr	1	About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict .
tr	1	What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran , and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?
tr	1	First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been loocked in is the Palace Hotel .
tr	1	Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .
tr	1	However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .
tr	1	Should the European Union fail to take action , then Member States would be obliged to amend their national legislation for a very brief period , until the CEN completes its work , which would cause unnecessary cost and uncertainty .
tr	1	Dynamite has just been thrown in London ;
tr	1	The monsoon occurs in July till mid-August ( during July in the south east and south west of the island , wind surfing activity can be arranged ) .
tr	1	one comment thread where fans were expected to be shocked by the outcome of the episode and one comment thread where fans had hotly anticipated it .
tr	1	She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .
tr	1	You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .
tr	1	There still is a very hot pursuit of the `` Atta-level '' Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .
tr	1	There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .
tr	1	Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .
tr	1	Hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .
tr	1	If the famous person does n't mind in being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .
tr	1	Anyway , once that is fixed , this place will be amazing .
tr	1	XML separates the data from the presentation so that the same XML data can be presented in multiple ways by using different presentation files .
tr	1	it is centrally situated .
tr	1	This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .
tr	1	The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .
tr	1	Eugene Ionescu gave the editors one copy of it ; another was handed to them by Manes Sperber , the novelist .
tr	1	Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .
tr	1	One of our teacher , who will be voted by student is making speech for one hour .
tr	1	Two Judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to the General Court .
tr	1	I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .
tr	1	Collaboration is prayed .
tr	1	Start here if you were born in Ontario .
tr	1	Finally , at the end of this very disappointing evening , I decided to go to the theatre restaurant - which was also mentioned in your ad - but I was told that this latter was closed because of a private party !
tr	1	Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .
tr	1	Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other , while myself and other customers were completely ignored .
tr	1	As discussed , attached is a GISB draft for Pioneer .
tr	1	It was published in the prestigious journal Miyako no Hana in 1892 , only nine months after she had started writing in earnest .
tr	1	The gathering was originally slated for Washington ’ s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away .
tr	1	Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment buildings .
tr	1	The car rental area and parking is well integrated .
tr	1	( Since the Declaration is written as coming from “ religious leaders , ” people who don ’ t consider themselves “ religious leaders ” can sign as “ Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality . ” )
tr	1	If you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error ; any review , dissemination , distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited .
tr	1	nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .
tr	1	Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
tr	1	Madam President , the presentation of the Prodi Commission 's political programme for the whole legislature was initially a proposal by the Group of the Party of European Socialists which was unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September and which was also explicitly accepted by President Prodi , who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech .
tr	1	A dancing studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what you 're doing accurately , and a barre for practicing . [ 1 ]
tr	1	Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth , where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to `` Parole Officer . ''
tr	1	For example , if you move the Salesperson field to the MultiChart area , a chart is created based on data for each salesperson in that field .
tr	1	He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .
tr	1	In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .
tr	1	Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense .
tr	1	You wo n't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table .
tr	1	I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?
tr	1	I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P & L # 's right , if nothing were done the month end P & L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
tr	1	He has consistently linked immigration with unemployment , insecurity and criminality , as if evil always comes from elsewhere .
tr	1	This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .
tr	1	Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V .
tr	1	A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .
tr	1	The study of volcanoes is called volcanology , sometimes spelled vulcanology .
tr	1	And do you get charged for it ?
tr	1	Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no/little tax liability at the end of the year .
tr	1	Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .
tr	1	If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .
tr	1	A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .
tr	1	Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue .
tr	1	Due to his keen observation of detail and unfiltered representation of society , Balzac is regarded as one of the founders of realism in European literature .
tr	1	the Paddington rail crash in London , the terrible rail crash in Norway , the two aviation crashes involving EU citizens and the natural disaster involving the Erika off Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified .
tr	1	As different kinds of farbics will be invented & the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen .
tr	1	in some messages the content is of primary consideration , and in others the form must be given a higher priority .
tr	1	We all agree that we should ask that , halfway through these programmes , when the assessment of the Directives is made , Parliament should be given an equally influential role on the grounds that we are the citizens ' representatives .
tr	1	However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .
tr	1	You can see he has n't been given a cabinet post .
tr	1	Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100 % legal .
tr	1	In Asia and the Pacific , between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians , mostly Chinese ( estimated at 7.5 million ) , were killed by the Japanese occupation forces .
tr	1	Hope you will be sorted .
tr	1	The decisions were adopted unanimously .
tr	1	The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus ( Mesta ) .
tr	1	Meats are kept VERY cold , seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean .
tr	1	a strong consciousness of his own being flooded him as if a stimulant had been injected into his veins .
tr	1	While Poisson 's report was made before Galois ' July 14 arrest , it took until October to reach Galois in prison .
tr	1	Board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday , September 13 .
tr	1	All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
tr	1	50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
tr	1	Also , in the advertisement you have mentioned discounts which were not provided .
tr	1	Fans were n't allowed to take any sharp things with them , like knifes or scissors .
tr	1	His autobiography ( see below ) was published in English translation as recently as 1995 .
tr	1	Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .
tr	1	We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards , posters , etc .
tr	1	I have been interrupted 20 times while responding , so I hope that it makes sense .
tr	1	He was replaced by a novice actor who made a very disappointing performance .
tr	1	UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .
tr	1	3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .
tr	1	22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .
tr	1	This item has been correctly placed on the agenda and will be put to the vote at 12 noon today .
tr	1	It was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
tr	1	it resembles Joseph Louis Lagrange 's Mécanique Analytique in being arranged so that all the results are consequences of a single principle , namely , conservation of energy .
tr	1	He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .
tr	1	An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw `` nudes '' in the museum .
tr	1	Outside Japan , beginning with Emperor Shōwa , the Emperors are often referred to by their given names , both whilst alive and posthumously .
tr	1	The upside-down trading floor is deserted .
tr	1	In 1801 , he was sent to Harrow , where he remained until July 1805 . [ 6 ]
tr	1	Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’ d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .
tr	1	He reigned only fifteen years , which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions .
tr	1	- As far as accommodation is concerned , I would prefer the log cabin due to the fact that I am not a teenager any more and crawling in and out of a tent has become cumbersome to me .
tr	1	I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?
tr	1	The term `` Aggregate Transporter Imbalance '' is located in several sections .
tr	1	In an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven Iraqis were killed by snipers on Tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near Hilla and two police in Kirkuk .
tr	1	During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .
tr	1	The US Army recipe was not used , and obtaining the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts .
tr	1	The truth of the matter though is that we believe - and this is also shown in the way the conclusions have been drafted - that the Commission must take account of what is adopted by this Parliament , particularly in the face of an interim revision of these Directives .
tr	1	Localist group Civic Passion 's Wong Yeung-tat was defeated in this district , and resigned his leadership in Civic Passion .
tr	1	The debate is closed .
tr	1	For his services his second son James , brigadier of the Russian army , was created Count of the Holy Roman Empire in 1701 .
tr	1	One day , while he was gardening , he saw an old lady being kidnapped by some strange man , who he ran after and caught one of whom .
tr	1	Data fields provide the values to be summarized in the chart .
tr	1	The games have features like increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and can notbe done , and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) .
tr	1	The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and lessons be filmed into a short video .
tr	1	The comment below definitely needs to be retracted !
tr	1	The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .
tr	1	Theodorus asserted his influence openly ( which resulted in reprimands from Pachomius ) and generally maintained himself as a prominent figure at Tabennese for several years , despite never being given a position of power in the monastic hierarchy .
tr	1	I bought my tickets , I noticed I did n't have any discounts as it was written on the folder .
tr	1	Being an American and from the `` south `` you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .
tr	1	I know we talked about these issues earlier , but Tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one 's issuing the gtee and l/c .
tr	1	$ 120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
tr	1	The lump-sum payments shall be used within three years from the first payment .
tr	1	A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004 .
tr	1	Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , `` nobody has looked at these together '' .
tr	1	Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .
tr	1	I was all the more angry as the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 as it was written in your ad !
tr	1	In 1912 was founded the first film company ( Athina Film ) and in 1916 the Asty Film .
tr	1	The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .
tr	1	People 's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units to which they belong , and peoples ' impact on reality depends on which elements dominate their behavior .
tr	1	I have never been disappointed .
tr	1	There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — `` If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called `` research '' , would it ? ''
tr	1	The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .
tr	1	The report has prompted calls for all edible salt to be iodised .
tr	1	Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools , particularly in France .
tr	1	Al Qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( `` Moro Front '' or `` MILF '' ) .
tr	1	Obviously , he should have been arrested and jailed - imagine making a statue or painting on the same subject as another artist - clearly insulting and disrespecting - wasted time that could have been used making a statue with clothes on .
tr	1	Many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas .
tr	1	HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .
tr	1	Soaring public debts surely exacerbate the problem , because future generations are being asked both to service our debt and to pay for our retirements .
tr	1	The food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot !
tr	1	Corporate plans are clubbed with other services through some agencies to provide better service for their staff .
tr	1	As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .
tr	1	I am not allowed to listen high volume music at home .
tr	1	He 's never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do , he said .
tr	1	We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .
tr	1	The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism .
tr	1	Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .
tr	1	It was the same kind of ominous voice ; but these men could by no stretch of imagination be called enemies .
tr	1	The supernatural being had not been touched after he fell .
tr	1	If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .
tr	1	Ladies and gentlemen , it is a good thing that the details of Members ' attendance are corrected .
tr	1	Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article ?
tr	1	`` National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the FY04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .
tr	1	I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
tr	1	It 's symptomatic , I suppose , of our fast-paced , 24 hour news-cycle lives , that the biggest short-term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our Secretary of State was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
tr	1	It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world .
tr	1	Then the show was suppost to start at 19.30 hours but it started at 20:15 , more than half an hour later .
tr	1	Attached is the referenced agreement .
tr	1	When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .
tr	1	IF you have NOT begun the Application process 's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .
tr	1	And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .
tr	1	the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home .
tr	1	I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .
tr	1	But to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statements , known to everybody to be lies , without even being ridiculed in your own milieu , can only happen in this region .
tr	1	Gameplay was delayed during the `` third map '' ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .
tr	1	Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?
tr	1	The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe .
tr	1	From all reports that I have seen , the government was well prepared for this cyclone .
tr	1	We were told that the discounts were available but they were not .
tr	1	This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services group .
tr	1	On or about September 23 , 1999 a request for service was placed by the above referenced counterparty .
tr	1	Nacho Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans , not in Argentineans .
tr	1	The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table 2 .
tr	1	Some are within 5 – 10 minutes walking distance from the nearest parking lot , some require at least 3 – 4 hours of hiking ( those are , of course less frequented by other tourists and you might find yourself alone at a spectacular waterfall in the middle of nowhere - an amazing experience ! ) .
tr	1	I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only ( Tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and I can be contacted by phone there or by email .
tr	1	George was deeply devout and spent hours in prayer , but his piety was not shared by his brothers .
tr	1	On the paper it was writting the principal actor is `` Danny Brook `` but it was n't him , it was a different actor that we have never seen , and heard .
tr	1	At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran ’ s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively , the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran .
tr	1	In the 20th century , his work was repeatedly adopted and rediscovered by new movements in scholarship and performance .
tr	1	The debate is closed .
tr	1	Quidditch has also spread outside of America and is now played on 5 continents .
tr	1	A year later , the National Library of the Netherlands ( Koninklijke Bibliotheek ) , and the University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded that librarians at their institutes who wanted to get involved in DH needed more training to adequately support researchers and students in this field .
tr	1	Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .
tr	1	In this case , you have to stay in long queues , you ca n't walk without being pulled or pushed , and you often have to spend a hour to buy some soap or a packet of biscuits .
tr	1	Do all your chores without being nagged , take care of any existing pets , keep your room clean , and so on .
tr	1	Ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .
tr	1	However , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .
tr	1	all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .
tr	1	Although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells , I do n't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government very hopeful .
tr	1	Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
tr	1	I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .
tr	1	His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he has married again .
tr	1	But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain `` First name '' in order to recall about their origination .
tr	1	These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein 's regime , but have now organized and armed themselves .
tr	1	The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m .
tr	1	They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant-like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .
tr	1	- Co-operation between the European institutions/bodies ( Commission/OLAF , ECB and Europol ) should be further developed so as to eliminate any overlapping between different programmes and to further improve the co-ordination of the main actors ( law enforcement , banks , prosecutors ) in the fight against euro counterfeiting .
tr	1	I have once experienced to have been soaked while I was sleeping in a tent dut to heavy rain several years ago .
tr	1	For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
tr	1	Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .
tr	1	Your predecessor said earlier – we only finished the debate barely twenty minutes ago – that this report would be voted on tomorrow .
tr	1	Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones , but these usually are frequent visits , with small amounts of urine being passed .
tr	1	Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?
tr	1	`` Someone emailed me earlier today talking about a tool a group ’ s been using to attack the scientology website .
tr	1	Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .
tr	1	According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .
tr	1	Such controls will be left unbound on a page .
tr	1	Filter settings are retained when you move fields to change the layout .
tr	1	This language has been included in the attached draft .
tr	1	Third , I was told that I can have some discount , and when I was buying my ticket , the lady in the cabin told me that that discount does n't exist .
tr	1	The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .
tr	1	I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity , as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss the Directives .
tr	1	When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .
tr	1	Greece was divided into many small , self-governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .
tr	1	Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .
tr	1	As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan , the lantern festival is crowded .
tr	1	Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on services nope you dont .
tr	1	I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P & L # 's right , if nothing were done the month end P & L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
tr	1	The chicken should be `` hypnotized '' and cease to struggle .
tr	1	Attached are all live financial deals by risk type .
tr	1	The square is surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era .
tr	1	The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .
tr	1	What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books ?
tr	1	The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .
tr	1	Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .
tr	1	The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on .
tr	1	Timothy Odara 's fine teeth were bared in impatient pleasantness .
tr	1	Note that if no data is selected for export then a presentation format is also unavailable .
tr	1	Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed .
tr	1	The Rev . Gerald Robinson appeared stony-faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .
tr	1	One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .
tr	1	The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
tr	1	ANSI-92 SQL query mode is only supported in the 2002 file format .
tr	1	I 'm sorry to say Elena 's story has been revealed to be a fake .
tr	1	Then , at his request , he was given permission to go .
tr	1	If conditions are favorable ( 78-82 F ) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .
tr	1	You won ’ t work , you won ’ t party , you ’ ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
tr	1	Even the public clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of absenteeism by doctors .
tr	1	It was said that while they were trying escape from paparazzis they had that accident , which caused of their lives .
tr	1	Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .
tr	1	If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .
tr	1	I hope that my wish is being accepted .
tr	1	Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .
tr	1	The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’ s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .
tr	1	Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .
tr	1	I have been learnt to paint .
tr	1	So that ’ s a frightening idea , and police were called in and so on .
tr	1	Humans also lose direct uses of natural habitat when habitat is destroyed .
tr	1	What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the response ?
tr	1	His mother was also killed in the attack .
tr	1	These images are sent to us — we compress them and convert them into a format appropriate for Stardust @ home .
tr	1	The good always wins , and we are told that the other part is bad , and that is the end of the story .
tr	1	the territory thing will be solved .
tr	1	We had been told that discounts to the ticket-prices were possible but at the evening of the show no discounts or special offers whatsoever were offered .
tr	1	The bronze medal is given to people who `` risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others . ''
tr	1	Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well-recognized Satanic symbol .
tr	1	The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet in Caracas .
tr	1	He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .
tr	1	Of course , I do understand that modern-day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime .
tr	1	We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means its as simple as can be .
tr	1	On the other hand , extant newspaper clippings from only a few days after the duel give a description of his opponent ( identified by the initials `` L. D. '' ) that appear to more accurately apply to one of Galois ' Republican friends , most probably Ernest Duchatelet , who was imprisoned with Galois on the same charges . [ 21 ]
tr	1	We were very disappointed to hear that the actor was replaced by other at the last minute .
tr	1	He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .
tr	1	But then , even to talk of an `` administration '' may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the United States these days , and how much of `` national security '' has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .
tr	1	1555 Castling is introduced .
tr	1	Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .
tr	1	Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and the budget request . ''
tr	1	One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage ' to her father 's own brother .
tr	1	Before the Andes were formed , the western margin of South America had already been the site of several orogenies .
tr	1	Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include : Austria , Belgium , Canada , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Gibraltar , Ireland , Italy , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Scotland , Singapore , Slovenia , Spain , and The Netherlands .
tr	1	Unfortunately , extensive property damage is bound to occur even with the best preparation .
tr	1	The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’ s arm and puts the chip in .
tr	1	Up to 40 rockets had been fired at Israel , weeks after its military withdrew from the territory .
tr	1	But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .
tr	1	Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long-simmering domestic conflicts .
tr	1	When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half-million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam .
tr	1	Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .
tr	1	It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from 'Flap ! '
tr	1	SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .
tr	1	The study was supported by the Croucher Foundation , US National Science Foundation , and US National Park Service .
tr	1	I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done .
tr	1	He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .
tr	1	In conclusion , while key infrastructure projects have been supported by the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund , we should remember that the European Social Fund has played a very important role in helping the less well-off in our society .
tr	1	Endungo is the name given by Bayot speakers , but its meaning is not known .
tr	1	Their sheep could graze , their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard .
tr	1	If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .
tr	1	We were all given different sort of jobs to do .
tr	1	Columbia was lost tragically back on February 1 , 2003 when it disintegrated during re-entry killing all seven astronauts aboard .
tr	1	Maybe she did n't want to be touched .
tr	1	User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF .
tr	1	The range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities .
tr	1	But that would assume he was aware of being watched , and Quinn felt that was unlikely .
tr	1	We save $ 21,000 in real money this way , the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server , using a box that was n't being used by anyone .
tr	1	When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .
tr	1	Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .
tr	1	We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .
tr	1	Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's `` The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown '' site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .
tr	1	( 2 ) No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed .
tr	1	This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .
tr	1	Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .
tr	1	Several analysts have suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung 's setback .
tr	1	It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney .
tr	1	What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?
tr	1	`` Should the Arctic Ocean become ice-free in summer , it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction , '' the report concluded .
tr	1	Quite apart from the potential bailout costs , some argue that financial hypertrophy harms the real economy by syphoning off talent and resources that could better be deployed elsewhere .
tr	1	But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .
tr	1	Our life will be managed by robots and they will replace us in our jobs .
tr	1	As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .
tr	1	Fort Lee can also be accessed by boat or ferry from New York City via Edgewater and Weehawken docks .
tr	1	On Monday , Louis Lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of Hosanna Church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff 's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .
tr	1	Of course , the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces , the better .
tr	1	What about the adage , “ Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it ” ?
tr	1	In September 1944 , a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy .
tr	1	What is more , I would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie .
tr	1	Enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished .
tr	1	To this end , the Commission shall be assisted by a committee .
tr	1	A few days ago he was in that house , packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision is broken up into reality .
tr	1	The town was covered in potash dust .
tr	1	This is what has been written in a note to Mps after the decision of the ex-minister to leave the party .
tr	1	Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s .
tr	1	We could not have been more welcomed , more comfortable or more well fed .
tr	1	Note that when importing XML data , you can not choose a subset of the XML document ; the entire file has to be imported .
tr	1	Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
tr	1	< < He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .
tr	1	Attached is an image of the GISB .
tr	1	Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .
tr	1	The second point I would like to make is that we would have preferred it if the guidelines had been added to the Regulation in the form of an annex , as we and Mrs Mccarthy , as rapporteurs for the general Regulation , had asked .
tr	1	It is clear that the payment will be made in shares .
tr	1	Abdel Rahman 's son was captured in Quetta , Pakistan in mid-February 2003 .
tr	1	Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .
tr	1	How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow-growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old-age health plans are patently unsustainable ?
tr	1	I picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00 .
tr	1	Then , I not only had to wait 45 minutes more than it was expected for the beginning of the show but I realised that the main actor had been replaced by another one ( very bad ) as well .
tr	1	It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .
tr	1	A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets–targeting customers , especially the affluent , who might actually buy the product .
tr	1	As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .
tr	1	Finally at the end of the sow I decided to went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it was n't been repeard yet .
tr	1	I could n't stand being watched and my furious led me straight to Pat .
tr	1	Underage wizards were n't allowed to use magic outside school .
tr	1	Will they be shown nationally or regionally , on NBC or on any of the company ’ s multiple cable networks ?
tr	1	She has also been charged with trying to kill her two-year-old daughter .
tr	1	Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world for gender violence .
tr	1	However , like much of the Southwest with a large Hispanic population , Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix .
tr	1	It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .
tr	1	what is a kimberwick bit used for ?
tr	1	In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .
tr	1	By adding certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length .
tr	1	complete with original Magnavox tubes- all tubes have been tested they are all good- stereo amp
tr	1	The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .
tr	1	Isfahan is located on the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran .
tr	1	The store is clean , run very professionally and a pleasure to be in .
tr	1	Firstly , I should like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety , be it on the roads , on the waterways or at sea .
tr	1	My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .
tr	1	Do you think she would have been still alive if she and her boyfriend had n't been followed by these nosy paparazzis ?
tr	1	During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and `` movies in the park '' every Friday night .
tr	1	Overall , the results of the six studies have been taken to suggest the following .
tr	1	So , maths lesson would be filmed .
tr	1	I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way
tr	1	Upon return to New Orleans after the Hurricane Katrina evacuation , former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at River Garden because those units have been reserved for HANO employees .
tr	1	Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .
tr	1	In 1687 and 1689 he took part in expeditions against the Tatars in the Crimea , being made a full general .
tr	1	( in the visa itself , it does not mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend , and problem is , the embassy here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions ... . ) any advice please ?
tr	1	Has a location , Theirs or TW land/ROW , been settled and when is the required in-service date ?
tr	1	You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care ... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past ... and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment..
tr	1	We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .
tr	1	Intentions for 2005 show that the remaining amount will also be completely consumed .
tr	1	I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail : ) thanks everbody for the info its greatly appreciated .
tr	1	The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .
tr	1	Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance , prompting armed rebellion .
tr	1	Originally , a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year .
tr	1	WHEREAS , it is necessary for the repose of our Empire that the said decree should be strictly complied with ;
tr	1	The worst one was that the actor and actress were not the person who had been written in the advertisement , because of that I was extremely disappointed .
tr	1	You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .
tr	1	Some basic assumptions , however , can be made .
tr	1	This is like trying to Make 2 people get married .
tr	1	We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .
tr	1	Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .
tr	1	Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .
tr	1	We in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development feel that this form of production should be encouraged .
tr	1	With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’ s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .
tr	1	Such loss has been observed after as little as a few months of limited exposure , e.g. , after a 1 - 7month [ 23 ] or 6 month delay [ 21 ] , as well as after 2 years [ 18 ] , though in one case it was observed only by 3 - 5years , and not earlier [ 17 ] .
tr	1	you even talk to them , your rep will be trashed on all the major servers .
tr	1	Nicolai collaborates on various cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti , one night at dinner ; some of them were written by both together .
tr	1	It ’ s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .
tr	1	Her work was noticed and she was recognized as a promising new author .
tr	1	My old bed got tossed in a dumpster .
tr	1	It is precisely when engines are claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can not make any exceptions .
tr	1	After 5 minutes , the quinoa should be fully cooked .
tr	1	He was promoted to chairman in October 2015 , the month after the scandal was unearthed .
tr	1	The winters are considered to be very mild .
tr	1	Shahar is bald , muscular , and his shirt is ornamented with nags , horseshoes , and bridles , a yellow print on dark blue .
tr	1	It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .
tr	1	I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .
tr	1	It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .
tr	1	Could I have a sample , not necessarily one that 's filled out , but just one that you --
tr	1	Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .
tr	1	George was about to be linched on account of his colour skin .
tr	1	Those days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction engines around it .
tr	1	They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they `` do as they wilt . ''
tr	1	Tangipahoa Parish sheriff 's deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .
tr	1	The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .
tr	1	I expressed , politely , the hope that the other attitude , the revolutionary one , would not be abandoned .
tr	1	I highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .
tr	1	And what problems were solved ?
tr	1	They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .
tr	1	Now I am writing to you because a story of Agatha Christie is going to be read on the radio .
tr	1	Évariste Galois was buried in a common grave and the exact location is still unknown .
tr	1	The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves .
tr	1	Indeed , the implementation of certain policies is rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are , at least to some appreciable amount , present in modern society .
tr	1	A package of reforms has been agreed .
tr	1	At that time , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in Darfur within 48 hours .
tr	1	The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May 1997 have been distributed .
tr	1	Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .
tr	1	The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .
tr	1	It is located southeast of Puerto Rico .
tr	1	`` Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
tr	1	To promote one of the most trivial interests we have , thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives . ''
tr	1	The guaranty for the PPA is blacklined against the Enron EPC Contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our Cabazon Wind Power Project ( the project most recently financed by EWC ) and the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA guaranty .
tr	1	Neither the ISO board , which had established the price cap , nor the governor learned of Winter 's actions until the cap had been removed .
tr	1	I received your letter this morning and I was very suprised it .
tr	1	ReportML is a `` language '' developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .
tr	1	In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .
tr	1	Additional information about XML can be found on the web site .
tr	1	Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .
tr	1	The sample consisted of 71 students of the Application School of Basic Education , Federal University of Santa Catarina , aged 7 and 9 years old ( M = 7.64 ± 1.12 ) , which were divided into two groups : participant and control .
tr	1	The letters , six in all , were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators .
tr	1	Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 31-Dec-1999 .
tr	1	Our free time on Wednesday could be spent in the Museum .
tr	1	NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .
tr	1	The titular hero of one of Shakespeare 's most famous tragedies , Hamlet , has probably been discussed more than any other Shakespearean character , especially for his famous soliloquy which begins `` To be or not to be ;
tr	1	Really Really Love You was released in August and reach the top 50 ; `` Shaky Ground '' , the related single , appeared in September but Geyer was already in the US .
tr	1	I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .
tr	1	Once the reference to such a standard has been published in the Official Journal of the European Union , compliance with it should raise a presumption of conformity with the corresponding requirements set out in the implementing measure adopted on the basis of this Directive , although other means of demonstrating such conformity should be permitted .
tr	1	The play was very good and I think well received .
tr	1	Shakespeare was buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church two days after his death .
tr	1	The islamist had been released from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years .
tr	1	The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
tr	1	Hydrogen peroxide is used to replace the luminol 's nitrogen atoms with oxygen .
tr	1	The IMF is founded on the premise that it represents cooperation between all of the countries of the world .
tr	1	They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
tr	1	Here 's a tip : Do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !
tr	1	Because of such talk , Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials .
tr	1	When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .
tr	1	At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .
tr	1	I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .
tr	1	He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .
tr	1	They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino .
tr	1	The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some months back .
tr	1	It was late in the day and I was worried I would get charged an arm and a leg and have to wait forever .
tr	1	I 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .
tr	1	Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .
tr	1	Israel , which receives us impartially , is accustomed to strange arrivals .
tr	1	Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .
tr	1	Not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties -between 400-500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March .
tr	1	The central Andes belong to the so-called 'Andes de tipo andino ' which were formed by the subduction of the oceanic crust .
tr	1	U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .
tr	1	Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .
tr	1	Freshly cooked quinoa should be served immediately to retain nutritional value and a good flavor .
tr	1	But during the twilight zone , a lot of harm can be done .
tr	1	They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution .
tr	1	We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .
tr	1	The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .
tr	1	When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .
tr	1	For example , you can specify that a control is raised , sunken , or etched .
tr	1	Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .
tr	1	Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the : ( a ) Schedule and ( b ) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement .
tr	1	When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .
tr	1	You will not be disappointed with her work ! !
tr	1	The problem is compounded by the fact that women are also likely to have less income to hire laborers in the first place .
tr	1	The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al-Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .
tr	1	Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .
tr	1	The late romances , with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot , inspired a last poetic style in which long and short sentences are set against one another , clauses are piled up , subject and object are reversed , and words are omitted , creating an effect of spontaneity .
tr	1	He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .
tr	1	`` The vanishing man '' , writes Pritchett , `` who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D'Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .
tr	1	I used to take my cars there all thetime , but management changes hands too frequently , the service has been slow , and they often try to `` add on '' extra services , which sometimes is not needed .
tr	1	A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Court of Auditors as from the date of accession for a term of office of six years .
tr	1	The work is done .
tr	1	I would like to ask the Vice-President if she is in a position to tell us today what the state of play is with regard to the efforts towards harmonisation being made by these two organisations , and whether the EU is in a position to hasten these harmonisation efforts , in accordance with principles that are as simple as possible .
tr	1	With a flick of the tail they were off , still singing , He is coming , He is coming , until their voices were lost in the noise of the rain and the water .
tr	1	Other places were scattered about the Equator , and in every sort of latitude all over the two hemispheres .
tr	1	The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors .
tr	1	My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right
tr	1	If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .
tr	1	On July 13 , 2011 , Holt was named the MVP of the Eastern League All-Star Game after hitting a two-run homer in the ninth inning . [ 9 ]
tr	1	Within five hours John had repaired the engines , but the port officials claimed that the ship was incapacitated and demanded that the captain post a twenty-thousand-dollar bond against expenses that might be run up by his `` crippled ship . ''
tr	1	The Festival on its own is a great idea because there are n't many of these events dealing with art but I think that instead of inviting stars and artists only from six counties they could be invited really from all the world .
tr	1	Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .
tr	1	In which case , the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered .
tr	1	I was told to be able to get discounts , however , I could not get any .
tr	1	All that discos , concerts , touristic trips have to be paid by a different sum of those small coloured pieces of paper , called money
tr	1	Actually I find many connections between mathematics and literature because almost all the thing I told about mathematics are also seen in literature and in writing because when you write you can describe the real world , but you can also create worlds of fiction .
tr	1	But an owl from the island , disturbed by the sparks , flew out to the ship and was discovered next day on the mast .
tr	1	It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .
tr	1	A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .
tr	1	If you want the Excel PivotTable report to reflect the appearance of the PivotTable view , before you export to an Excel PivotTable report , either move all the fields out of the detail area , or hide detail data for items and cells so that the detail area is not displayed .
tr	1	When I saw the advertisement of the show it was written that the show will started at a half past seven but started at a quarter past eight .
tr	1	Who else is involved in this project ?
tr	1	The absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson 's Volpone is taken by some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end .
tr	1	It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .
tr	1	Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .
tr	1	`` I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush-Bashers ; `` Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... ''
tr	1	Before Tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing the VC and NVA .
tr	1	Yeah , what you see on Studio 60 and 30 Rock , those are scripted writers rooms .
tr	1	The building has been buit in 1999 ,
tr	1	According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .
tr	1	He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .
tr	1	What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
tr	1	After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .
tr	1	Consonant gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects , but it is not present in south Sami , which is considered to have a different language history .
tr	1	For example , it is said the show starts at 19.30 but it started at 20:15 .
tr	1	It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional element of the price of electricity used .
tr	1	( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 's , page-three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .
tr	1	Water landings : if you have successfully attached to a companion whose chute opens , keep in mind that both your arms may be broken or dislocated , and you may be unable to swim or tread water before your chute fills and drags you under .
tr	1	Are workers allowed to keep religious objects on their desks ?
tr	1	He did not want to run the risk of being brushed off .
tr	1	The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http : //www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
tr	1	Controls in the Form , Report , or page header sections will be placed as unbound controls in the caption section of the outermost group level .
tr	1	The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .
tr	1	not if there 's no preparation of replacements being done in the meantime .
tr	1	It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .
tr	1	However I feel that at the moment there should emerge more grups to control this development because the industrial polution that it has been created and it seems that its very little what has been done at the moment in relation to our embiroment .
tr	1	Amount of Benefit Payments reads `` The value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock . ''
tr	1	India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .
tr	1	Then the concert started , I was called from one of the staffs for help , finally I could get into the stadium .
tr	1	Rick Santorum himself has acknowledged and discussed the existence and prevalence of the santorum neologism phenomenon ; he was quoted by The Canadian Press on his assessment of Google 's response ;
tr	1	Even in early rounds , the event was well attended , with the stands full of gamers , watching the matches with live colour commentary .
tr	1	Pat could stand this secret only few days , after the secret come from the deep inside , and had to be said .
tr	1	Gout in the spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .
tr	1	from my understanding , if its heated from the bottom , my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , but it has better heat distribution
tr	1	The up-river stations had to be relieved .
tr	1	The call was cancelled .
tr	1	For example , a series drop area is not displayed for a pie chart because pie charts consist of only one series .
tr	1	In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .
tr	1	It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed `` the Devil 's Island '' .
tr	1	On January 8 , 1880 , Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont ( now Grant ) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment .
tr	1	Though some considered him insane or eccentric , citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations , such as his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees calling for a bridge connecting San Francisco to Oakland , and a corresponding tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay .
tr	1	The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the relevant commitment is implemented .
tr	1	Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc . THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .
tr	1	Per the memo , ENA 's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	1	Thus , all estimates reported here can be considered nationally representative of the United States .
tr	1	The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically .
tr	1	The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .
tr	1	He is said to have had a bad relationship with his father .
tr	1	That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .
tr	1	The next work I was gives was ironing costumes .
tr	1	The converted data will be displayed as Mom 's Boston Crab Meat .
tr	1	It should be assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .
tr	1	On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .
tr	1	This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .
tr	1	Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .
tr	1	The text of that Treaty , drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages , shall be annexed to this Protocol .
tr	1	I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .
tr	1	Within the European Union , resale right exists in the legislation of eleven Member States , but it is only really applied in eight .
tr	1	You just need basic information , and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the doctor ... .
tr	1	Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .
tr	1	Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .
tr	1	People belive that the bird was sent by heaven .
tr	1	The rapporteur has also quite rightly stated that Parliament was not heard in time regarding the guidelines .
tr	1	A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below .
tr	1	She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .
tr	1	If a player is pegged they have to stop what they 're doing and pay a penalty ; i.e . ( drop the quaffle in the case of a chaser ) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down for 10 seconds .
tr	1	This is my first time posting to the list , so I feel somewhat embarrassed by `` promoting '' a song I wrote , but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy , but an abundance of human greed .
tr	1	Furthermore , I once have been trained in a swimming centre , so I am quite confident with it .
tr	1	After graduating he attended Camp Wycliffe , where Bible translation theory was taught .
tr	1	Second , sex was dichotomously coded based on the self-reported sex of the respondent at Wave 4 ( 0 = female and 1 = male ) .
tr	1	If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for .
tr	1	To sum up , nobody wants to be revealed their private life on public .
tr	1	The Annual International Arts Festival , which was held on the 21st and 22nd of November , was colourful with the stars and artist coming from around the world .
tr	1	`` He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career '' , Wilkins said .
tr	1	This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) .
tr	1	These visitors are sometimes treated as if they were the heroes of an Arabian Nights ' tale .
tr	1	The search-and-destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo .
tr	1	I tried to play the drums but I was expelled from the stage by a member of the group who was in a bad mood .
tr	1	It has often been said that `` True love is just around the corner '' ... and maybe ... if you have n't found it as yet - you possibly soon will .
tr	1	What is known so far is that childhood obesity has become an epidemic in many countries , with an alarming rise in rates of type 2 diabetes and coronary disease implying a significant negative impact on life expectancy in future generations .
tr	1	China 's rebalancing will enable it to absorb its surplus savings , which will be put to work building a social safety net and boosting Chinese households ' wherewithal .
tr	1	In the offing the sea and the sky were welded together without a joint , and in the luminous space the tanned sails of the barges drifting up with the tide seemed to stand still in red clusters of canvas sharply peaked , with gleams of varnished sprits .
tr	1	We shall proceed to vote on the PPE-DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .
tr	1	In the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former Soviet Union ( Wi940 ) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .
tr	1	What they wonder is whether Google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass-roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .
tr	1	Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required .
tr	1	They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .
tr	1	Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .
tr	1	Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .
tr	1	They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .
tr	1	Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill , Inc .
tr	1	The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .
tr	1	A telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
tr	1	The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .
tr	1	We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !
tr	1	It was said that stars and artists from around the world on the advertisement , but in fact they are from only six different countries , so I hope there will be artists from more different countries next year .
tr	1	Be warned- they 'll ltake you for everything they can .
tr	1	It was writen that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
tr	1	`` He also used a realist technique which French novelist Marcel Proust later named `` retrospective illumination '' , whereby a character 's past is revealed long after she or he first appears .
tr	1	It had borne all the ships whose names are like jewels flashing in the night of time , from the Golden Hind returning with her round flanks full of treasure , to be visited by the Queen 's Highness and thus pass out of the gigantic tale , to the Erebus and Terror , bound on other conquests – and that never returned .
tr	1	Beside this , we where invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed because it was being redecorated .
tr	1	Pack one room at a time if possible , and start with items that are least often used .
tr	1	Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .
tr	1	I would rather be accommodated in a tent because I already have the necessary material for camping .
tr	1	Firstly there was no available discount , as you said on your advertisement so even my 6 year old son was charged adult price .
tr	1	Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .
tr	1	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ... ... .thanks ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	1	Finally , your theatre restaurant was closed after show , it is because I saw it was opened at break time for musical , but afterwards , the people of staff for restaurant were closing .
tr	1	I was supposed to help my friend with the lights , so that I could see all that screaming like made crowd .
tr	1	After the stage was set , the rest of the things I had to do were quite easy and enjoyable ; I could stay either back or front stage and give a hand if needed ,
tr	1	( if ... .. ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by Party B ] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] has been brought to financial close .
tr	1	Such credit may be implemented in any reasonable manner ;
tr	1	But if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri 's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter .
tr	1	For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread to the old man .
tr	1	As you know , the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies .
tr	1	Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof .
tr	1	We hope that the Commission can reassure us that this was an oversight which is now being dealt with constructively .
tr	1	I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .
tr	1	I made sure that my letter would be delivered .
tr	1	Among his smaller works , the seventh Humoresque and the song `` Songs My Mother Taught Me '' are also widely performed and recorded .
tr	1	Thirdly , it was written that discounts were available but we were again frustrated , seing they were not available .
tr	1	They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .
tr	1	He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
tr	1	As I am an expert camper , I would prefer to be accommodated in tents than in log cabins .
tr	1	This type of drop area is not displayed for single charts .
tr	1	At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .
tr	1	The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95/35/EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .
tr	1	Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .
tr	1	Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .
tr	1	But without a legislative framework , and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood-altering folk remedy , companies are left guessing .
tr	1	The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .
tr	1	I regularly request Kim 's business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked `` Who does your hair ... I LOVE it ! ! ! ''
tr	1	The traces of blood on the clothes were in the shape that they were reported to have by the news reports on the day of the murder .
tr	1	Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .
tr	1	The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents , that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma .
tr	1	The Internet security firm Secunia.com , has said that as of March 4 , 2011 , IE6 has 277 vulnerabilities ; 39 percent of these are rated `` highly critical '' .
tr	1	The suspicion was founded on many false premises , and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt .
tr	1	White space can be used throughout the document to enhance readability .
tr	1	Pinching encourages the plant 's energy to be directed into its stronger stems and leaves .
tr	1	Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .
tr	1	After I waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but I had to realize that the main actor Danny Brook , who was the reason why I went into the show had been traded by an other actor , who could n't sing as half as good then Brook .
tr	1	This fact , together with the fact that such deception is widely known to occur , reduces ordinary people ’ s trust in expert authority and diminishes their capacity to distinguish reliable from unreliable sources .
tr	1	The Gulf itself only has one exit , the Strait of Hormuz , which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline .
tr	1	It is often said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie , as part of their professional life .
tr	1	When you design a chart for other users , you can restrict the user 's ability to change the layout of the chart by preventing fields from being added and moved .
tr	1	All these rules are posted in the rooms . )
tr	1	Here I 'm obliged to lie .
tr	1	On the other hand , these initial criteria should also include provisions allowing for the list to be abolished .
tr	1	In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
tr	1	Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .
tr	1	With regard to a global message , I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature , applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities .
tr	1	I have done Yoga for riders for a while , a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube ( I think its called `` Yoga for horse back riding '' hosted by a man ) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
tr	1	Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
tr	1	For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’ s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
tr	1	The arancini di riso ( risotto fritters ) are not to be missed .
tr	1	Alike ... both were fought for securities reasons by the US ( no matter what the liberal revisionist historians tell you ) .
tr	1	After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .
tr	1	You MUST apply , to become a Immigrant , and WAIT to be approved , by the Canadian Government .
tr	1	You can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc .
tr	1	The deals are listed below .
tr	1	Among others , National Central Offices for the fight against counterfeiting were created in several countries ;
tr	1	Po Lin Temple is opened to public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on Monday to Friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .
tr	1	Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .
tr	1	The knight Lyvet was released and his follower thrown into the Tower .
tr	1	4- Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study ( Israel , Iran , and North Korea were considered more dangerous ; Iraq was considered less dangerous ) .
tr	1	The submarine incident was put down to a `` technical error '' by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .
tr	1	They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .
tr	1	As the instructions about clothes and money were not enclosed in your letter , I request about it and ask you to include in it .
tr	1	Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .
tr	1	According to your advertisement , it stars Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but surprisinggly , it was proformed by a different actor who I even did n't know the name .
tr	1	To investigate this , Daniel experimented by puncturing the wall of a pipe with a small open ended straw and noted that the height to which the fluid rose up the straw was related to fluid 's pressure in the pipe .
tr	1	`` This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , '' says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .
tr	1	Whereas disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind , and the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and belief and freedom from fear and want has been proclaimed as the highest aspiration of the common people ;
tr	1	Looking out of the window , Decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the Placid Gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .
tr	1	He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .
tr	1	The cars `` will '' be warranted and safe , but they wo n't be exceptionally `` flash '' .
tr	1	Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .
tr	1	I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .
tr	1	But will Posada be given up ?
tr	1	This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
tr	1	He is regarded as one of the leading Avant-Garde artist of modern calligraphy .
tr	1	However , the legend of Galois pouring his mathematical thoughts onto paper the night before he died seems to have been exaggerated . [ 7 ]
tr	1	Without a valid visa , boarding will be denied ( the airline would otherwise get a $ 1,000 fine from the Cuban immigration authorities ) .
tr	1	And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .
tr	1	You are only allowed two consecutive stays in this manner .
tr	1	For how long have you been involved in performing / studying magic ?
tr	1	Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .
tr	1	You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?
tr	1	Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .
tr	1	Only 3000 copies were published of the first edition .
tr	1	We would like to ensure that there is a reference to this as early as the recitals and that the period within which the Council has to make a decision - which is not clearly worded - is set at a maximum of three months .
tr	1	`` The funeral was attended by `` almost every writer in Paris '' , including Frédérick Lemaître , Gustave Courbet , Dumas père and Dumas fils .
tr	1	The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the Main Force VC ( which was light infantry ) and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .
tr	1	Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
tr	1	For the very last part why not filming our faces when all the lessons are finished ?
tr	1	While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s , climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973 .
tr	1	Of course there 're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved .
tr	1	Many of Balzac 's tormented characters were created in the small second-floor bedroom .
tr	1	No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .
tr	1	Firstly , I was looking forward to seeing Danny Brook , as written in the advertisement , but his part was played by another actor , without information or excuse from the direction .
tr	1	The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .
tr	1	Arthritis of the spine , neck , waist and other joints will be removed .
tr	1	In addition , the show was supposed to be started at 19:30 but it was half hour later , until 20:15 .
tr	1	No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment .
tr	1	It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
tr	1	I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group .
tr	1	Also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .
tr	1	In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .
tr	1	He kept on turning up at my barn and I joked to the guy that clearly he did n't want to be sold .
tr	1	700f jobs are n't advertised .
tr	1	Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...
tr	1	I want to ask him why it was n't printed .
tr	1	Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , `` We 'll keep it around until he ’ s irrelevant . I hope he ’ s there the whole way '' .
tr	1	As soon as they leave they are forgotten .
tr	1	The work is protected by copyright and/or other applicable law .
tr	1	If there are 40 salespeople , after the filter is applied , you will see data for 10 people .
tr	1	While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .
tr	1	Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and Im deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision. “
tr	1	And we also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places .
tr	1	Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .
tr	1	It will be resumed at 3 p.m .
tr	1	I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into Palace Hotel .
tr	1	Thai auspicious colours of the day are given in the table of weekdays , followed below it by a link to the Buddha images for each day of the week .
tr	1	It is recommended that should be filmed about Maths , English study skills , make brain up and a part of playing football .
tr	1	4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush 's first three years in office .
tr	1	We are closely monitoring the matter and should know whether the regime has been modified within the next few weeks .
tr	1	The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as usage increases .
tr	1	Mr President , it is particularly pleasing for me to make my first speech in the European Parliament on what is regarded as the most important issue within that part of the United Kingdom that I represent in this Parliament , namely Wales .
tr	1	Video : Connections will be established with remote locations upon request .
tr	1	The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems , he explained the problem and was very up front and honest , it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working ( he explained it better ) .
tr	1	In 1661 , after further experiences as a soldier of fortune , he joined the Russian army under Tsar Aleksei I , and in 1665 was sent on a special mission to England .
tr	1	With respect to First Union National Bank , the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review .
tr	1	It contained details and issues that had already been raised in previous reports .
tr	1	Shopping is said that an enjoyable programme in all situations .
tr	1	This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it .
tr	1	There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively .
tr	1	Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .
tr	1	XML is a standards-based protocol that is governed by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
tr	1	Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as `` cast in steel '' as the points .
tr	1	If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .
tr	1	Can that be fixed ?
tr	1	even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .
tr	1	Yet in spite of this somewhat unstable shifting , the Koinonia was ruled peacefully for nearly two decades , at which point Theodorus predicted he would soon die .
tr	1	Textual evidence also supports the view that several of the plays were revised by other writers after their original composition .
tr	1	Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .
tr	1	The above applies to the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .
tr	1	Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .
tr	1	These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .
tr	1	It is also possible though that these two children were attempting to please the data collectors , or be polite , and that “ yes ” was in some ways a default answer to be provided when having to respond verbally in a test context .
tr	1	It remains unclear what might explain such gains , which have been attributed to motivation and to L2 experience during the period of ostensibly limited exposure [ 24 ] , or to factors related to general maturation , cognitive development , or continued academic training [ 18 ] .
tr	1	Directive 78/170/EEC should therefore be repealed .
tr	1	All of this must be done - I repeat - with the participation of private business , which , by uniting its efforts with those of public administrations , but complementing them , never obstructing or excluding them , will lead to the creation of wealth in society and of jobs .
tr	1	Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water
tr	1	But once the declaration of independence was pronounced he came , as out of a trance , to an irresistibly lively self , sitting up there seeing everything around him , a spectator , Bray felt , as well as a spectacle .
tr	1	Two plays not included in the First Folio , The Two Noble Kinsmen and Pericles , Prince of Tyre , are now accepted as part of the canon , with scholars agreed that Shakespeare made a major contribution to their composition .
tr	1	This message was cancelled from within Mozilla .
tr	1	The forum is expected to be invited testimony only .
tr	1	Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism ( received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details ) and the subsequent delivery of my gift ( To Split , Croatia ) was as requested .
tr	1	A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates
tr	1	Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
tr	1	Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .
tr	1	It was their owl , a youngster who had hatched out down in the field and was heard every night .
tr	1	He was ordained as a Baptist minister .
tr	1	Contributions at the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB , the Commission , Europol and , in some cases , Eurojust , Interpol and the US Secret Service .
tr	1	When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .
tr	1	The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
tr	1	It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy .
tr	1	The staff leaves a lot to be desired .
tr	1	The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .
tr	1	Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer 's public declarations are also included in the defect definition .
tr	1	If you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .
tr	1	We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .
tr	1	And that 's finally all anyone wants out of a book – to be amused .
tr	1	Many of his plays were published in editions of varying quality and accuracy during his lifetime .
tr	1	In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
tr	1	It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .
tr	1	He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .
tr	1	I am absolutely certain that this code will be observed and that Parliament will keep abreast of all the developments and details concerning the implementation of the programmes .
tr	1	But you still have n't explained why a man like Don Quixote would disrupt his tranquil life to engage in such an elaborate hoax .
tr	1	`` Honoré ( so named after Saint Honoré of Amiens , who is commemorated on 16 May , four days before Balzac 's birthday ) was actually the second child born to the Balzacs ;
tr	1	Cotton was born on October 31 , 1832 , in a village near Sunderland .
tr	1	I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .
tr	1	I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
tr	1	I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year- well in my opinion- the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !
tr	1	When the dancers start the step with the beat of `` dhin , dhin ... '' , the mental ideation should also be kept .
tr	1	It was decided that a collaborative online review process would be used to `` discover '' the microscopically small samples the capsule collected .
tr	1	While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
tr	1	However , Bernoulli 's method of measuring pressure is still used today in modern aircraft to measure the speed of the air passing the plane ; that is its air speed .
tr	1	Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the international Car of the Century awards .
tr	1	Many scientists say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the Paris targets .
tr	1	Secoundly , boys are not allowed to have long hire .
tr	1	His body was not accustomed to this new freedom , and for the first few blocks he walked at the old shuffling pace .
tr	1	Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
tr	1	Firstly , the starring actor was different from the one who had been mentioned on the advertisement for this musical show as `` Danny Brook `` .
tr	1	All are entitled to equal protection against all types of discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to any form of discrimination .
tr	1	Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .
tr	1	I discovered that a lot of imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there .
tr	1	The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their child , taking her on a trip to India and leaving her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule , and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they had been given .
tr	1	They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .
tr	1	So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .
tr	1	Also the dancing lessons should be filmed , specially for the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their moviments .
tr	1	Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon ! ! !
tr	1	Barbaric violence can only be fought when democracy is supported .
tr	1	Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club .
tr	1	Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .
tr	1	This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :
tr	1	Whenever you are presented with something that you don ’ t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”
tr	1	York is known as England 's `` City of Festivals `` as there are regular cultural festivals every year .
tr	1	The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as `` liberals . ''
tr	1	Any review , reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited .
tr	1	I ask my husband or mother to come with me , as I had bad experience in the past , when my bag with all my money was stolen .
tr	1	You are asked to take the blue door .
tr	1	Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
tr	1	In 1832 , the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory there .
tr	1	You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .
tr	1	Western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
tr	1	A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .
tr	1	Do you know what it 's like to be chased by the Ghost of Failure while staring through Victory 's door ?
tr	1	Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge `` The Emperor Norton Bridge '' .
tr	1	It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on IV fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to recover .
tr	1	The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .
tr	1	I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation , TK was also made aware .
tr	1	Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference .
tr	1	Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island .
tr	1	A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , so there is a real need for visible support for the “ pro-same-gender-marriage ” side of this issue .
tr	1	No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .
tr	1	My fries were n't fully cooked last time I went there .
tr	1	The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .
tr	1	That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations .
tr	1	This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .
tr	1	It was incorporated as a city on May 26 , 1955 .
tr	1	All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form .
tr	1	Campus interviews are scheduled as follows :
tr	1	Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .
tr	1	Japan favoured a route to the sea , enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China .
tr	1	The new iron guidelines mean more donors are needed .
tr	1	This scar was the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before .
tr	1	One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , `` commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . ''
tr	1	On his breast two ball-point pens are clipped between the buttons .
tr	1	Gustave Flaubert was also substantially influenced by Balzac .
tr	1	Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350kg ( 3,000lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .
tr	1	No one shall be held in slavery or servitude ;
tr	1	The ship is designed thematically , with imposing animated cartoon characters .
tr	1	Whatever it was could never be found ; it was the smell of growth , they had long ago decided , at Gala , the process of decay and regeneration so accelerated , brought so close together that it produced the reek of death-and-life , all at once .
tr	1	Fourth , faith in global economic-policy coordination is misplaced .
tr	1	All that is needed now is to determine whether it works in practice .
tr	1	I was asked to put in order all the chair for the singer , this was only in the begining , after that I need to control all the microfons .
tr	1	Memorized jokes sound wooden , like they are being read off a script instead of relayed by a friend or entertainer .
tr	1	In Access 2002 , you or a user can change ANSI SQL query mode through the user interface and ANSI-92 queries are no longer hidden in the Database window , so you should prevent accidental or intentional changes to the ANSI SQL query mode of your application by protecting your code and preventing the changing of the query mode through the application 's user interface .
tr	1	The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .
tr	1	In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .
tr	1	Your time have been stolen .
tr	1	Quinoa is known as the little rice of Peru .
tr	1	Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .
tr	1	In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .
tr	1	And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .
tr	1	Although I am sure that being there would enhance my understanding of the animals and the system in which they live , and would help me formulate more and better questions about the anemones , ship time is expensive , especially in Antarctica , and if there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there , they should have priority to be there .
tr	1	Some people tried to enter without any ticket but they were n't allowed by police .
tr	1	Why so many people have been contaged by this `` psychologic virus `` ?
tr	1	According to ABC News , Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .
tr	1	Do you return fire , if you are attacked from a hospital ?
tr	1	There have only been a few isolated amendments opposed to this approach and these were subsequently rejected .
tr	1	He was replaced around the turn of the 16th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .
tr	1	The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .
tr	1	( 23 ) When preparing implementing measures , the Commission should also take due account of existing national environmental legislation , in particular concerning toxic substances , which Member States have indicated that they consider should be preserved , without reducing the existing and justified levels of protection in the Member States .
tr	1	I am prepared to pay you .
tr	1	Secondly , we should not allow this to be postponed indefinitely , and we should not introduce provisions restricted to physical persons .
tr	1	Many of Balzac 's works have been made into or have inspired films , and they are a continuing source of inspiration for writers , filmmakers and critics .
tr	1	( 2 ) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .
tr	1	As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston , I am copying this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .
tr	1	It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .
tr	1	However , it closed because it was being decorated .
tr	1	Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .
tr	1	Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century ( except for Italian Futurism ) were labeled 'degenerate ' by the National Socialists .
tr	1	It seemed to Quinn that Stillman 's body had not been used for a long time and that all its functions had been relearned , so that motion had become a conscious process , each movement broken down into its component submovements , with the result that all flow and spontaneity had been lost .
tr	1	Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .
tr	1	Significant differences were not observed between all and cardinal numbers or all and some .
tr	1	It should be easily googled .
tr	1	The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
tr	1	In fact , the attorney who helped draft the emergency request , Charles Robinson , was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made .
tr	1	Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .
tr	1	Celular phone can be inconvenient sometimes , but it can be very useful in certain situations : when your car is broken on the road , when you need to be found anywhere and at any time ( if you are a doctor , a lawyer or a journalist , for instance ) , and so forth .
tr	1	All this modern technology increase the level of polluted products that can not be easily destructed .
tr	1	her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .
tr	1	The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties , US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases , and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
tr	1	as well , your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened .
tr	1	Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .
tr	1	Some of her designs have been presented posthumously , including the statuette for the 2017 Brit Awards , and many of her buildings are still under construction , including the Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar , a venue for the 2022 FIFA World Cup .
tr	1	For European citizens , it ensures that the public interest is taken into consideration , which is so important to their daily lives .
tr	1	Baking is passion and in the town I live I 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
tr	1	Holt again started 2014 in Triple-A , but was called up May 17 after an injury to Will Middlebrooks and hit leadoff for the rest of the season .
tr	1	He was most widely recognized for some of his books .
tr	1	Would you like to tell me how much should be taken with me as pocket money and what shall I wear at that time ?
tr	1	Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .
tr	1	The fiscal advantages for clean vehicles could then be introduced some two years before the new standards take effect .
tr	1	Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .
tr	1	The next day Mr White was charged for abuses and obliged to resign .
tr	1	Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and Im deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .
tr	1	The festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars participated in it were from six countries only .
tr	1	I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .
tr	1	Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he 's written .
tr	1	Are you fed up of looking after the screaming baby of your mother 's friend ?
tr	1	First time to go on A cruise any and all info is appreciated
tr	1	`` Daniel was picked up by an investigator in a black car with blacked out windows .
tr	1	The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .
tr	1	Today , the dominant method for reducing insect populations – the so-called `` sterile insect technique '' ( SIT ) – relies on radiation to sterilize males , which are then released into infested areas to mate .
tr	1	Many of his works have been made into popular films and television serials .
tr	1	I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .
tr	1	Isn ’ t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?
tr	1	You will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family .
tr	1	Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten , but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet , modifying it to create the Greek alphabet .
tr	1	Firstly , we were asked to clear the stadium , especially the seats and surroundings .
tr	1	Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .
tr	1	Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition .
tr	1	Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .
tr	1	I 've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes , like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait ( depending on what other patients are being seen for ) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly ( just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance ) ...
tr	1	To count Null values when using the other aggregate functions , use the Nz function , which converts Null values to zeroes so they are included in a calculation .
tr	1	This show is held in Central Exhibition Hall , London on Tue .
tr	1	The Guaranty is dated August 1 , 2000 .
tr	1	The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new building to house an orbiter .
tr	1	they need to be planted 6 inches apart , since they grow quite large .
tr	1	if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...
tr	1	Gordon was brought up and remained a lifelong Roman Catholic , at a time when the Church was being persecuted in Scotland , which had become Calvinist .
tr	1	`` He argues ( in a speech revealingly entitled `` The Contribution of the Financial Sector : Miracle or Mirage ? '' ) that the financial sector 's reported contribution to GDP has been significantly overrated .
tr	1	So daytime events will be shown live in the United States in the middle of the night , and evening prime-time events will be shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time .
tr	1	a code of conduct was drawn with respect to press and communication issues ;
tr	1	In addition , I would like to get your suggestion how programme could be changed on the second-day of the trip .
tr	1	Bearing this in mind , this House should , in any event , demand that , before the Community support frameworks for the period in question are approved , they be studied and submitted for debate in this Parliament , specifically in light of the guidelines that we have presented today .
tr	1	Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed .
tr	1	It says business casual but I know this can be interpreted in many ways .
tr	1	Subject : to suggest what should be filmed for a short video about daily life of our school .
tr	1	As to our family , within the last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young man from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
tr	1	In the first eight days of January , eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq , compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday .
tr	1	Although the region is small , it is characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity .
tr	1	It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .
tr	1	it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .
tr	1	To make matters worse , despite the fact that the second show of the day was scheduled to start from 7:30 p.m , it started from 8:15 p.m .
tr	1	Each filter you apply is added to the ones you already have in effect .
tr	1	In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .
tr	1	Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .
tr	1	The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .
tr	1	The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .
tr	1	So you don ’ t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?
tr	1	`` This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , '' Dewar said .
tr	1	When I originally joined in January I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if I was to move away .
tr	1	Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed ?
tr	1	`` We were n't prepared . ''
tr	1	If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .
tr	1	Perhaps we are only further complicating a matter which should really have left Parliament as quickly as possible once a decision had been reached .
tr	1	This e-mail is never sent unsolicited .
tr	1	In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science-fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .
tr	1	Several freeways and bypasses can be used to easily get around the Tulsa Metro area : I-244 , I-44 , US 169 ( Mingo Valley Expressway , aka `` Pearl Harbor Memorial Expressway '' ) , US 75 , Hwy 51 ( Broken Arrow Expressway , The `` B.A . `` ) , Creek Turnpike .
tr	1	`` I think Siri died , they scooped him out and threw him away and you 're some whole other kid that just , just grew back out of what was left .
tr	1	Flower arrangements were placed everywhere , as if there were illness in the house .
tr	1	While some allowance is made for the differing customs of foreigners , Thais respond more positively to well-dressed Westerners .
tr	1	The streets and avenues are planned on a 1 mile by 1 mile grid system , with the main arterials running on each mile .
tr	1	The Hong Kong legislative election was held on Sunday , with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout rate of 58 % .
tr	1	Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .
tr	1	I was further humiliated by the irony of the advertisement stating that it would be my ' perfect evening out ' , when it was totally the opposite .
tr	1	Only Galois ' younger brother was notified of the events prior to Galois ' death . [ 23 ]
tr	1	He was interviewed by Wikinews .
tr	1	Smutney-Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted .
tr	1	Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’ s .
tr	1	Then he got fever , and had to be carried in a hammock slung under a pole .
tr	1	Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .
tr	1	Firstly , it 's written that it will be played by Danny Brook , but in fact it was n't .
tr	1	7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .
tr	1	Bray repeated what had been said to him at the airport that morning – that some of the white people still living in the capital would be more at home down South , in Rhodesia or South Africa .
tr	1	It should continue to be defanged .
tr	1	After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?
tr	1	Exceptionally and in duly justified cases , limited extensions in terms of duration may be granted for execution of contracts .
tr	1	The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .
tr	1	What was left in place was a $ 250 price cap established five months earlier .
tr	1	My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .
tr	1	Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .
tr	1	Lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely .
tr	1	Everyone was killed .
tr	1	And all sorts of other oxalates are also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken out of the rock matrix .
tr	1	Even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .
tr	1	( 3 ) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .
tr	1	I was punished , nearly expelt , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .
tr	1	However , journalists should not only think about commercial value , but morality and priciples are also being concerned .
tr	1	Your gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th ? )
tr	1	Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said `` All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . ''
tr	1	There are three general types of lighting that are widely used in the household nowadays : the ( light-emitting diode ) LED bulb , ( compact fluorescent light ) CFL bulb and the incandescent bulb .
tr	1	Actualy most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion in which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant situation .
tr	1	They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .
tr	1	It will happen again , if the ground is not prepared very carefully .
tr	1	Last of all , it said in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was redecorating and no annocement was made .
tr	1	The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and `` other terrorist groups '' .
tr	1	I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .
tr	1	She was always being sent to pick up people when arrangements went wrong ;
tr	1	I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g . for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .
tr	1	I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .
tr	1	Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not traditionally seen as a leisure destination .
tr	1	One of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .
tr	1	So instead Posada may be held indefinitely , in comfortable custody .
tr	1	In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .
tr	1	In earlier applications and in some current uses , Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) were used to tell the browser how to display the XML data .
tr	1	The city reasoned , `` because the users of the private schools pay a frequency fee , this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one '' ( ( it ) ) .
tr	1	WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .
tr	1	Any good suggestions would really be appreciated .
tr	1	When I inquired he rudely replied `` in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . ''
tr	1	We were made to feel very welcome .
tr	1	It is a excellent price because when I am tempt to watch some festivals , obviously it costs much more money .
tr	1	The third was being run by the head of an investment firm .
tr	1	However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention .
tr	1	They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .
tr	1	The analysis of Pericles by type of project is shown in Table 3 .
tr	1	1 First , the Sport field is filtered to display only Golf sales .
tr	1	Did services I asked them NOTto do and was still charged .
tr	1	Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
tr	1	Feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .
tr	1	Our students will have a great opportunity of seeing the latest fashion , as this unique show is held only once a year .
tr	1	His lack of moderation was not restricted to physical exercise .
tr	1	First room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified .
tr	1	The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory , with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .
tr	1	Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .
tr	1	All of us want to go to the show , the generation who are the same ago with us all like make up , become beautiful , and it 's important that it will free for students and just be showed one day .
tr	1	Upon both of them entering and tying for first place in a scientific contest at the University of Paris , Johann , unable to bear the `` shame '' of being compared Daniel 's equal , banned Daniel from his house .
tr	1	During the thirteenth century , the name Apulia was used by some authors to signify the southern part of the Italian peninsula .
tr	1	At age ten Balzac was sent to the Oratorian grammar school in Vendôme , where he studied for seven years .
tr	1	1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .
tr	1	For example , you can collapse the outer field ( Year ) in the example so that the inner field items are no longer displayed .
tr	1	As a result , the transnationality and multidisciplinarity required under Article 3 of the Pericles Decision have been respected , with the latter pursued both at the level of professional background of the participants and in terms of the content of the actions .
tr	1	-- The International Space Station is funded at $ 1.6 billion .
tr	1	`` I suspect they wo n't do that on a voluntary basis , we 've tried so far and have n't succeeded , so we 've convinced the Food Standards of Australia and New Zealand | that all salt should be iodised , '' he said .
tr	1	Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .
tr	1	This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary .
tr	1	We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .
tr	1	My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .
tr	1	I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .
tr	1	People got killed there .
tr	1	Unreported by the international media , the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
tr	1	Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .
tr	1	and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .
tr	1	I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .
tr	1	Bray had to rise to be introduced to a big woman marking time on the edge of the dancers with the American , Curtis Pettigrew : she was a West African whom Timothy Odara had married since Bray saw him last..
tr	1	Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com .
tr	1	The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ; - )
tr	1	Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all-employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .
tr	1	Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .
tr	1	And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .
tr	1	The witching hour starts up at least by the time the scary organ is played , such as in the 60s hit Monster Mash .
tr	1	On the other hand , about 3 % of students suggest that also chemistry lessons should be filmed , because they often take place in the laboratory that the school has lately built ; in fact some experiments might be filmed .
tr	1	Secondly , according to the advertisment , the musical was supprsed to start at 19.30 but it actually started at 20.15 which caused me a trouble .
tr	1	I think by using emails on the one hand which are more the voice of the woman Eva and narrative which is more the perspective of the man Adam , I kind of confront them , their different perspective and then kind somehow you can see the distortions in the way the story is told .
tr	1	The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver 's Travels ' .
tr	1	It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .
tr	1	shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
tr	1	I am allowed to take holiday only in July .
tr	1	These statements are widely reported in the press .
tr	1	Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present proposal for a regulation is certainly to be welcomed .
tr	1	However , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p & l values with traders .
tr	1	Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .
tr	1	I 've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels ( whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs ) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
tr	1	It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging workers can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .
tr	1	Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes ' cost center , etc .
tr	1	At greater wind speeds , some particles are lifted into the air stream .
tr	1	Al-Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .
tr	1	‘ ’ Bush was very well briefed before the meeting , ’ ’ the diplomat said .
tr	1	Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;
tr	1	This was a piece that the Times only quoted one stanza , but it 's about preparation for a battle , and being prepared to either rise to the occasion , or go down :
tr	1	if we used , we would be sent to the head office of the school .
tr	1	For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .
tr	1	On the one hand there are the materials from which the PC 's are made of , on the other hand is the uge waste problem situated .
tr	1	The microphones all had to be controlled .
tr	1	This system is efficient and accurate , and it can be adapted to any academic discipline and used for continuous collection .
tr	1	A shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3 .
tr	1	If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
tr	1	According to the advertisement , discounts should be available , but , in fact , I was refused to take the payment for tickets in this way .
tr	1	Ron was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car , which was parked in mid-air .
tr	1	The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria , until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some of the Communist regimes .
tr	1	China 's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the Asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .
tr	1	This is unlikely as they said that even the first training item was said well .
tr	1	If you move the field to the filter area , the custom group fields are hidden .
tr	1	My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .
tr	1	A Yellowstone wolf was found dead , hit by a car , on a Colorado highway last year , several hundred miles from home .
tr	1	The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .
tr	1	can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located
tr	1	After the conference , we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead to stay in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .
tr	1	The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to 'force feed ' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )
tr	1	Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .
tr	1	680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
tr	1	Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .
tr	1	From 1594 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by only the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , a company owned by a group of players , including Shakespeare , that soon became the leading playing company in London .
tr	1	Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .
tr	1	1647 : It is called Palace of forty columns , as there are many columns , and in Iranian , 40 means many .
tr	1	Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL , neither party will use the trademark `` Creative Commons '' or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons .
tr	1	In the New Territories East geographical constituency , pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party , Fernando Cheung of the Labour Party , Raymond Chan of People Power , and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD were successfully elected .
tr	1	Critics consider that its fine qualities are marred by leaden effects .
tr	1	I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected : )
tr	1	In the propaganda had written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove are supposed to be the actors , and in the theatre had totally differents actors .
tr	1	He is trapped by the Abbé Herrera ( Vautrin ) in a convoluted and disastrous plan to regain social status .
tr	1	Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .
tr	1	They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .
tr	1	When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their 'friend . '
tr	1	The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda ( woman whose quality he did not deserve ) , was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills , Linda 's intimate friend , with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents , while he was still mourning for his `` dear Linda '' .
tr	1	They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .
tr	1	They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .
tr	1	Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .
tr	1	It had got filled since my boyhood with rivers and lakes and names .
tr	1	Gloria was finally taken to the emergency department shortly before her death .
tr	1	Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .
tr	1	The Ottoman Empire and Russia were denied permission to keep their war fleet in the Black Sea .
tr	1	Nor is it Kosovo , which became independent at the same time that its governmental structures were being forged .
tr	1	Only time will reveal whether Griffin 's expectations are either exceeded or confirmed .
tr	1	The Force Ouvrière union regrets that its remarks on the content of the guide were not included : `` There was n't really any consultation , '' said Ms. Gillard .
tr	1	A third-party majority is needed , specifically the votes of 367 MPs ( out of 550 ) , whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum .
tr	1	The hashtag took on a life of its own , and was used in messages on Twitter over one million times by Thursday night .
tr	1	In addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .
tr	1	If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .
tr	1	Please , make sure that we are billed .
tr	1	Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .
tr	1	When the robber understood he could be discovered he said `` if you do n't keep the secret I will kill you `` .
tr	1	If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .
tr	1	The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .
tr	1	By the way , why were n't any discounts available for the tickets , as it was said in the advertisement ?
tr	1	So he 's got a -- I 'm a decision-maker and I can make good decisions .
tr	1	Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 ! !
tr	1	The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .
tr	1	The Ottomans wanted to prevent grain from being further transported because they had a great need for it .
tr	1	And in a way she did know : because it was for them a code so deeply accepted that it had never been discussed ...
tr	1	Nida was born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma on November 11 , 1914 .
tr	1	Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
tr	1	34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's `` weapons of mass destruction '' had been found .
tr	1	Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .
tr	1	`` This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
tr	1	Well , again , I am now faced with a tax bill of $ 6,000+ , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well , you wo n't have to pay a penalty . '
tr	1	These have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ENA 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th , 2001 .
tr	1	Recent reports have revealed that a defector from the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org was first persuaded to travel back to a management building for the organization in California , where he was interrogated by an attorney for Scientology and then arrested .
tr	1	As it is said in advertisment the show starts at 19.30 but I had to stay outside for 45 minutes , because by the programme it started at 20.15 , but that was not the end of the story , in your advertisment it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets ,
tr	1	`` Barn cats '' may not be socialized well with humans , although used to hunting mice for food .
tr	1	She certainly was n't 'forced ' to be there .
tr	1	I always has been involved in many differents associations , which are fighting against AIDS or cancer .
tr	1	I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house , and since I was able to catch it very easily ( normally mice move at the speed of light ) , and since it was acting unresponsive , I thought it was infected with mouse poison , since my friend uses it .
tr	1	It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise `` in the hearts of green birds . ''
tr	1	The storm threatened oil installations in the Gulf of Mexico where about one-quarter of US oil operations are based .
tr	1	Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
tr	1	You are finished .
tr	1	Then hand luggage is opened .
tr	1	We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .
tr	1	The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city 's social housing , where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin .
tr	1	The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible .
tr	1	It has been speculated that he might have been du Motel 's `` supposed fiancé '' at the time ( she ultimately married someone else ) , but no clear evidence has been found supporting this conjecture .
tr	1	I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed .
tr	1	`` Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . ''
tr	1	When the deceit was uncovered , however , the effect was just the opposite :
tr	1	The end-of-conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
tr	1	As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .
tr	1	If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
tr	1	The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .
tr	1	You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . ''
tr	1	The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .
tr	1	he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .
tr	1	We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .
tr	1	The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .
tr	1	I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told `` This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton '' and the receptionist then hung up on me .
tr	1	1987 was proclaimed the `` Year of the River '' by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time , Sallyanne Atkinson .
tr	1	I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .
tr	1	Where these adaptations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession .
tr	1	A proper theology would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal .
tr	1	Allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter-in-law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the Fallujah compaign is not stopped .
tr	1	This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .
tr	1	A mean cost per student criterion is used to tax only the schools that receive a fee higher than the mean cost per student fixed by the State .
tr	1	The puppets used were picked specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .
tr	1	What language is talked in Iguazu ?
tr	1	Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication from You .
tr	1	Ash-Sharq al-Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .
tr	1	Physicists or engineers with doctorates can choose to develop complex mathematical models of market movements for investment banks or hedge funds , where they are known colloquially as `` rocket scientists .
tr	1	Secondly , despite the high quality of the concerts , some of the halls they were given in were too small for the crowd of audition .
tr	1	The steamer was sunk .
tr	1	I am looking forward in being received in camp California .
tr	1	In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m ( 30ft ) `` storm surge '' .
tr	1	Besides the spectacle was setted up to 19:30 , but ended up starting at 20:15 .
tr	1	I can not tell you how often I am complimented on my hair ( style AND color ) !
tr	1	Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea .
tr	1	These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .
tr	1	This is absolutely unprecedented , and we 're obviously incredibly excited .
tr	1	Winstone was declared bankrupt on 4 October 1988 and again on 19 March 1993 .
tr	1	They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an `` application '' to be admitted to be a patient .
tr	1	According to some reports , Zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
tr	1	I went to the Circle Theatre , three weeks ago , to see `` Over the Rainbow `` , the musical show that was played at this moment .
tr	1	Daniel Bernoulli was born in Groningen , in the Netherlands , into a family of distinguished mathematicians .
tr	1	News invents have been invented and the science has been in quick progress .
tr	1	Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky
tr	1	The price is quoted in JPY ( the 'Foreign Currency ' ) per US Dollar ( the 'Base Currency ' ) .
tr	1	Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
tr	1	As part of the 19th-century evolution of the novel as a `` democratic literary form '' , Balzac wrote that `` books are written for everybody '' .
tr	1	He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .
tr	1	I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing .
tr	1	The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943 .
tr	1	To complete my sadness , the main actor was replaced by another one who I 've never heard anything from , and did not have the same talent that the one shown on the advertisement do .
tr	1	He was inspired by the work of Danish philologist Rasmus Rask as a boy , and with the help of Rask 's grammars taught himself some Icelandic , Italian , and Spanish .
tr	1	The restoration of charming neoclassical buildings in the city 's historical center has been accompanied by the construction of attractive post-modern buildings in newer districts ; both of which have begun to improve the aesthetic essence of the city .
tr	1	`` I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , '' Baird said .
tr	1	The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .
tr	1	Pericles , the Community programme for exchange , assistance and training in the protection of the euro against counterfeiting , was established by Council Decision of 17 December 2001 ( 2001/923/EC ) and is designed to support and supplement the measures undertaken by the Member States and in existing programmes to protect the euro against counterfeiting .
tr	1	lastly about the ticket advertisment saids ' Discouts Available ' but no way I had to pad full £ 20.00 and restaurant was closed because of rebuilding something .
tr	1	Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour Party and Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency , with Junius Ho defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes .
tr	1	A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today .
tr	1	Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector ?
tr	1	During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .
tr	1	Therefore the irksome signs will not completely disappear : According to information from the news agency dpa , they will only be activated if , for instance , the artist or record label is not a member of GEMA and does not have an agreement with YouTube .
tr	1	The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by footh .
tr	1	It can also be purchased from most Latin American gateway airports if departing from there ( Cancun : 250 MXN , Mexico City : USD 25 ) .
tr	1	Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Austria , have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .
tr	1	The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .
tr	1	All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved .
tr	1	As for us in Parliament , I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May .
tr	1	Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .
tr	1	Montalvo has been assisted by former members of Scientology , including musician Tiziano Lugli and actor Jason Beghe .
tr	1	The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .
tr	1	Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi , and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded .
tr	1	At the beginning of 1945 , the population was estimated at 300,000 .
tr	1	They are no longer allowed to practise their previous activities as doctors , teachers , members of parliament .
tr	1	That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play : ) .
tr	1	I could feel every movement which was caused by clowds or winds .
tr	1	When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !
tr	1	Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .
tr	1	In 1992 , grounds of the former puppet theater , which had been left to the commune , were taken over by players and employees .
tr	1	Moreover the show was expected to begin at 19.30 but it was delayed of forty-five minutes .
tr	1	My mother is bewildered , her face turned up towards me .
tr	1	The Tigers ' chief ideologue , Balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that `` a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . ''
tr	1	That was also mentioned by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten and Mrs Glase .
tr	1	I 've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .
tr	1	It 's portrayed as though it 's dark , black and evil .
tr	1	Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a general peace treaty , but his hopes were soon dashed : the new British Prime Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement , and so did Tsar Alexander .
tr	1	It was foretold that he would either die of old age after an uneventful life , or die young in a battlefield and gain immortality through poetry .
tr	1	That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement .
tr	1	5 . In Section 6.3 , clause ( c ) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section .
tr	1	Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .
tr	1	The request was advanced by the Municipality of Livorno in 2010 .
tr	1	Governments that enjoyed the rollercoaster ride on the way up should not have been surprised by the plunge that inevitably follows .
tr	1	In the advertisement , it was told that Danny Brook was starring , but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really dissapointing .
tr	1	Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable-focused .
tr	1	It is important to prioritise general criteria for land planning and demographic equilibrium , and to bear in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on the five fundamental issues , which have been only partly taken up by the Committee on Transport , Regional Policy and Tourism in its points 16 and 17 .
tr	1	The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday , Sept. 17 at 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) .
tr	1	First of all , it was supposed to be starring Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but in a real show , it was n't .
tr	1	No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest , detention or exile .
tr	1	Furthermore , I would like to know exactly which kind of clothes I have to take with and how much money I 'll be supposed to spend there .
tr	1	This was first discovered in 1859 .
tr	1	By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .
tr	1	It is the whole political class that is being questioned about the way in which it must take up these challenges .
tr	1	This tug-of-war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .
tr	1	In brief , I would like to say that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the programming for 2000-2006 , which must be no routine period for the good reason that we have two major challenges to face .
tr	1	`` The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week , '' continued UPI , `` quoted 'NATO intelligence sources ' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line , including military options .
tr	1	However , they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder , which are not directly exposed .
tr	1	Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms .
tr	1	The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .
tr	1	The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .
tr	1	Now I try to show , in my daily work , how the airborn chlororganics , which are degased from plastics , will be seperated and damaged by green plants .
tr	1	All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .
tr	1	This is exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to create an area above its surface where the air velocity increases .
tr	1	he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped .
tr	1	For electoral reasons and in order to appeal to the masses , the subject has been brought up again .
tr	1	You should fit them to where the drawstring is tied slightly loose .
tr	1	In addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .
tr	1	Parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .
tr	1	I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?
tr	1	Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .
tr	1	It began 45 minutes later than it should have been .
tr	1	He had been visited that day by Victor Hugo , who later served as pallbearer and eulogist at Balzac 's funeral .
tr	1	She was sended to New York to discover how some people from government gave money to the merchants because they want to build a Trade Center there .
tr	1	Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic tile ... was told I would need a `` dual head concrete grinder '' to remove thinset and make a nice `` finished '' look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
tr	1	We were told that we could n't today because they were closing soon .
tr	1	The last two are considered her best work .
tr	1	Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .
tr	1	Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .
tr	1	We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ... .
tr	1	`` He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing . ''
tr	1	It was known that a moving body exchanges its kinetic energy for potential energy when it gains height .
tr	1	Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled ?
tr	1	Why were they suddenly acted on Saturday ?
tr	1	Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been settled .
tr	1	So what should be done ?
tr	1	Secondly , as for the times , instead of 19.30 it all started at 20:15 , which involved being stranded in the theatre for such a long time .
tr	1	Compared with other emerging economies , China is cut from a different cloth .
tr	1	If you look closely , at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .
tr	1	The Access project must be connected to a SQL Server 7.0 ( or later ) database or a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine .
tr	1	After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .
tr	1	The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .
tr	1	The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day .
tr	1	We 're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .
tr	1	Everything is delicous and cooked perfectly .
tr	1	( For some reason itwill not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )
tr	1	Finally , Pachomius called on him to preach to the brothers despite his youth , and eventually appointed him steward of Tabennese after several new monasteries had been built .
tr	1	The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .
tr	1	The width of the ruler 's unit of measure is based on the regional settings in Microsoft Windows Control Panel .
tr	1	Native mats covered the clay walls ; a collection of spears , assegais , shields , knives was hung up in trophies .
tr	1	Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed .
tr	1	After the Lord Chamberlain 's Men were renamed the King 's Men in 1603 , they entered a special relationship with the new King James .
tr	1	`` Commanders of the Korean People 's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the enemy 's possible counteractions '' , added KCNA .
tr	1	The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .
tr	1	A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was `` an exchange of words '' followed by an `` altercation '' but that no injuries had been reported .
tr	1	Indeed , even in ancient civilizations , adequate maternal nutrition was considered essential to ensuring future generations ' survival and prosperity .
tr	1	Space Shuttle Challenger was lost when it exploded 73 seconds after liftoff back on January 28 , 1986 killing all six aboard .
tr	1	As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .
tr	1	I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
tr	1	`` If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . ''
tr	1	It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing .
tr	1	First of all , there was written in the advertisement for the show , that there would be Danny Brook as main actor , but a different actor played in the show .
tr	1	Also , I was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition , I finally gave up and went to a different doctor .
tr	1	Bantu languages are not included in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .
tr	1	Accommodation at camp I would like to choose cabins because I think I would be protected from the animals and the cold .
tr	1	They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .
tr	1	`` What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .
tr	1	You know yourself that the agreement with South Africa was held up because of the fisheries question , too .
tr	1	The palatial home of the family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .
tr	1	The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations , principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq ( SCIRI ) .
tr	1	After that we thought we could have a drink in your theatre restaurant but it was closed because the decorations were being changed .
tr	1	Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying `` Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! `` .
tr	1	However , in recognition of his service he was promoted to major-general in 1678 , was appointed to the high command at Kiev in 1679 , and in 1683 was made lieutenant-general .
tr	1	What more can be said : `` Burch 's Karate is the GREATEST ! ''
tr	1	Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies for revitalising relations between towns and rural areas .
tr	1	Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .
tr	1	Al-Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .
tr	1	The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .
tr	1	[ 1 ] Over the last twenty years , use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on a few iconic works .
tr	1	So we would like to suggest you how the programme could be changed .
tr	1	When they land , they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn , starting a chain reaction .
tr	1	As long as this Agreement is not yet concluded , insofar as it applies provisionally .
tr	1	Finally , in some cases a gain in performance has been observed : after 1.5 years of limited exposure in one study , particularly for L2 learners with immersion as well as classroom training [ 24 ] , and in another study after 2 years , though only for some abilities , such as listening and reading comprehension [ 18 ] .
tr	1	WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2 ( beta anyway ) September 16-18 , this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung-Ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit 's i got it here^^GameSpot
tr	1	Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?
tr	1	I am writing this letter to you in order to complain for the musical show ( ' Over the Rainbow ' ) that was performed at your theatre last week ; concretely on Friday evening .
tr	1	His 2010 season was cut short due to injury to his medial collateral ligament , which required surgery . [ 8 ]
tr	1	In other words the table is set .
tr	1	If being followed was a certainty , what did it matter ?
tr	1	In 1613 , Sir Henry Wotton recorded that Henry VIII `` was set forth with many extraordinary circumstances of pomp and ceremony '' .
tr	1	This card gives an allowance that can be withdrawn from ATMs in order to buy school needs such as books and uniforms .
tr	1	Charles , despite his harsh actions , had been seen as a ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands .
tr	1	Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .
tr	1	We got there , and we were treated to the free `` upgrade '' of a room with two double beds .
tr	1	It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .
tr	1	That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .
tr	1	I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .
tr	1	`` What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , '' former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .
tr	1	Currently we have a blank `` sample '' for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for ( a ) US Corporate , ( b ) Hedge Funds , ( c ) Municipal .
tr	1	There are many different ways of playing Quidditch , but the most commonly used set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch Association ( which can be found here ) .
tr	1	The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .
tr	1	Besides , Tatu does not have the look of a man whose life is easy and I do n't see why I should spoil his Jerusalem dinner for him in his diary it would probably be entered as `` An enchanted evening in Le Proche Orient with an Armenian archbishop . ''
tr	1	However this was reversed when Julian was killed in battle in 363 .
tr	1	The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .
tr	1	We typically only book deals when everything is signed off .
tr	1	-- - $ 10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges .
tr	1	When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .
tr	1	And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .
tr	1	I was draged to learn sailing .
tr	1	And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .
tr	1	How many samples do you anticipate being found during the course of the project ?
tr	1	As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .
tr	1	They took turns to ride Harry 's Nimbus Two Thousand , which was easily the best broom ; Ron 's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies .
tr	1	If you walk out to the street now , you will probably see more than half the people wearing clothes that are made with jeans which is incredibly surprising !
tr	1	After all , our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow .
tr	1	Each team is composed of :
tr	1	The work ( as defined below ) is provided under the terms of this Creative Commons Public License ( `` CCPL '' or `` License '' ) .
tr	1	The underside of thatch that rested on it was smooth and straight , grey where it was old , blond where it had been replaced , and , like a tidy head , here and there showed a single stray strand out of place .
tr	1	How did you come to be involved with this discovery
tr	1	Why are no-smoking areas not enforced ?
tr	1	Why have a `` minimum `` if it is going to be ignored ?
tr	1	From 1918 to 1939 , international economic cooperation was hard to come by – in large part because all of the attempted deals were put together at high-profile international conferences .
tr	1	On the other hand , I could n't see the same actors whose name were written on the advertisement .
tr	1	Its round shape symbolizes wealth and good fortune and is believed to bring good luck .
tr	1	Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
tr	1	Thus , the first project under Pericles was only carried out in October 2002 and the amount committed in 2002 was just under 40 % of the initial budget allocation ( the allocation was reviewed downwards in the course of the year ) .
tr	1	Well , T.V . is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .
tr	1	The text of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages shall be annexed to this Treaty .
tr	1	And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .
tr	1	Secondly turning to the end-of-conference party , it is planed to be in Wimbledon Common - nice piece of England nature .
tr	1	He said he 's had a long and bad day .
tr	1	Conf call : AT & T lines have been reserved .
tr	1	But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .
tr	1	It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .
tr	1	The U of R is also recommended , too !
tr	1	The fact that my name has been mixed up in this .
tr	1	For audit and evaluation costs , pre-accession funds may be committed up to five years after accession .
tr	1	With regards to religious practices , Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal Church , and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life .
tr	1	The fact that these criteria are widely known , however , offers an opportunity to those who would use them for deception , witting or unwitting .
tr	1	Austin Aaron Bernard III , 36 , was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13 .
tr	1	After our meal , our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $ 10/person to stay and listen to the band , despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list .
tr	1	First of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .
tr	1	To sum up , it is recommened that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed .
tr	1	By 2009 , total sales of The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three million and five million copies respectively .
tr	1	The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq .
tr	1	Finally , the plays and films were wonderfully welcomed , as far as I 'm concerned .
tr	1	So be sure to get your pet 's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue , make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site .
tr	1	Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
tr	1	Brought from all the recesses of the coast in all the legality of time contracts , lost in uncongenial surroundings , fed on unfamiliar food , they sickened , became inefficient , and were then allowed to crawl away and rest .
tr	1	In 1995 , at age seventeen , she was told to disconnect from her mother .
tr	1	He was obeyed , yet he inspired neither love nor fear , nor even respect .
tr	1	Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .
tr	1	By exercising any rights to the work provided here , you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license .
tr	1	You will be asked to register , and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself .
tr	1	Which will be seen and which not ?
tr	1	An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .
tr	1	This entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications ( now Enron WarpSpeed Services , Inc. 83N ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .
tr	1	Attached is PG & E 's Gas Accord II ( GA II ) Settlement Proposal .
tr	1	< < Upon the sixth of April , Alexander the Great was born .
tr	1	My suggestion is to pay close attention to what 's going on in the background and if possible , stand on a chair , get on the ground , do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements .
tr	1	The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .
tr	1	In addition I think should be reported in this video some personal opinion about the school asking students and teachers .
tr	1	With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .
tr	1	When was the Santorum cocktail first created ?
tr	1	The guidelines and exposure proposed by the Commissioner are based on those recently published by the International Convention on Non-Ionising Radiation Protection .
tr	1	Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .
tr	1	They do n't think about other kind of shopping which are liked by themselves .
tr	1	The test itself is what is called a substitution test .
tr	1	The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .
tr	1	The implementation and operation of the guidelines can not be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer , either in the Commission or in thecivil service .
tr	1	Across the board , the American military is stretched to the breaking point .
tr	1	Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been `` lost '' in Iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just `` vanish '' ; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout 's untouchable stature .
tr	1	I was thinking , that while I 'm sitting here , relaxing and enjoying myself , those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers .
tr	1	We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a means of inflating their pretense to expertise .
tr	1	Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI 's obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ( `` PPA '' ) and Green Premium Sharing Agreement ( `` GSPA '' ) . ?
tr	1	I have a few suggestion on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .
tr	1	I am astonished .
tr	1	He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .
tr	1	What is this irish tune called ! ?
tr	1	It ’ s important that the joke ’ s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .
tr	1	This study is limited in its power and generalizability .
tr	1	They were sold at eighth-grade basketball games on Friday nights .
tr	1	In 2015 , an initiative was started to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium , based on the example of the American communal space of librarians , archivists , LIS graduate students , and information specialists to discuss topics ‘ Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet ’ .
tr	1	This Judge shall be chosen by lot .
tr	1	Firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .
tr	1	When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .
tr	1	Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean , a technique that had not been used until then .
tr	1	As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .
tr	1	Anthony Shadid of the Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .
tr	1	The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .
tr	1	It is clear from some of the reports that have been presented to Parliament 's plenary sitting today that Europe 's 25 most prosperous regions enjoy a level of unemployment which is five times lower than in the 25 least prosperous regions .
tr	1	Finally , I would like to ask you if I have to take some money , or everything is provided for the organisers .
tr	1	Additionally , it is written in a style similar to an XML document using a combination of XML-like tags and HTML to create a template for a specific style of output .
tr	1	HTML describes how a Web page should look , whereas XML defines the data and describes how the data should be structured .
tr	1	We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .
tr	1	I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .
tr	1	Decisions have also been adopted against a tax of this kind .
tr	1	Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .
tr	1	These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
tr	1	That technological effort would be penalised and competitiveness on the international field jeopardised .
tr	1	The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .
tr	1	If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .
tr	1	He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .
tr	1	I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .
tr	1	`` Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , '' wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .
tr	1	The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .
tr	1	They were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , Sheik Abdel Rahman .
tr	1	Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .
tr	1	Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .
tr	1	I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .
tr	1	Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .
tr	1	Their schedule is listed below .
tr	1	Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .
tr	1	His daughter was married firstly to the German-Russian Colonel Rudolf Strasburgh , and then from 1699 or 1700 to his kinsman in the Russian service Alexander Gordon of Auchintoul , author of `` The History of Peter the Great , Emperor of Russia '' .
tr	1	The accident , which occurred yesterday afternoon , was caused by strong winds and heavy rain that led the crane to fall .
tr	1	This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .
tr	1	Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .
tr	1	If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for .
tr	1	Unlike the introverted Hamlet , whose fatal flaw is hesitation , the heroes of the tragedies that followed , Othello and King Lear , are undone by hasty errors of judgement .
tr	1	Sunlight was cut off , and fungi inherited the Earth .
tr	1	The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's `` Chemical Wire Group . ''
tr	1	Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .
tr	1	They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
tr	1	Firstly , I was asked the time my trip would be and I have come to a conclusion that the only time I will be able to go is in July because during this very month I have my winter break both from work and school and that is when I will be free to go .
tr	1	Posada can be given up , but Meiring ca n't .
tr	1	I am very pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum standards regarding examinations , although I would have preferred it if uniform , set standards and modules had been established , so that certificates would be of equal value internationally .
tr	1	Maybe this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax .
tr	1	The displaced nuns were moved to the Eibingen cloister .
tr	1	Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .
tr	1	The Jewish community was practically wiped out , and many others lost their lives .
tr	1	As in the old days , varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt , grease , smoke , etc .
tr	1	Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .
tr	1	Harry 's parents had died in Voldemort 's attack , but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar , and somehow – nobody understood why – Voldemort 's powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry .
tr	1	Out of the 650k est stolen works of art by the Nazis ... 70k still remain missing..and there are thousands in musems that have n't been returned to their right full owners and heirs..
tr	1	The offensive against the huge army enlisted by Venice was launched from France .
tr	1	I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $ 50 fee ( which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving ) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
tr	1	The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released .
tr	1	These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .
tr	1	I would also like to thank her for her willingness to enter into dialogue with the other political groups when compromise formulas have needed to be reached in the face of this avalanche of amendments - and perhaps there are more of them than we expected - but which genuinely reflect the importance of the report we are now discussing .
tr	1	This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical revolutionary .
tr	1	( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property .
tr	1	The statement about `` best hamburguers in town '' can be even amplifiaed to `` best hamburguers in world '' Totally worth , juicy , big , fresh , and excellent customer service !
tr	1	Originally buried in the Foreign Quarter , his remains were reinterred at Azov in 1877 , with an inscription in German which mistakenly gives his rank as Oberst , Colonel .
tr	1	Additionally , diversity has been shown to produce more supportive social climates and effective learning environments [ 4 ] , which can facilitate the mentoring of young scientists .
tr	1	The most important development is the internet system which is connected to the whole world 's computers by some telephone liens .
tr	1	Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .
tr	1	This made me a little bit angry because I already had troubles with buying a ticket before : although it was proclaimed in the advertisement , there were no £ 15 and £ 10 discounts available .
tr	1	On December 26 , 2012 he was traded to the Boston Red Sox ( along with Joel Hanrahan ) for Jerry Sands , Stolmy Pimentel , Mark Melancon , and Iván DeJesús , Jr.. [ 12 ]
tr	1	However , Dumas is alone in this assertion , and if he were correct it is unclear why d'Herbinville would have been involved .
tr	1	As one of Negan 's ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ) top guys , he 's afforded certain freedoms .
tr	1	He frequently moved between works in progress , and `` finished '' works were often revised between editions .
tr	1	Shakespeare 's first plays were written in the conventional style of the day .
tr	1	For example if the word Bird is 'Vogelaviatiolap ' then why not make the word Birds 'Vogelaviatiolaps ' since the suffix 's ' is added at the end for most languages at plurals .
tr	1	There is already a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens , but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night .
tr	1	If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .
tr	1	The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn , but advertised all over NY/NJ , including Fort Lee .
tr	1	I 've been interested in building a comprehensive how-to manual long before I first envisioned wikiHow .
tr	1	It was very disappointing for me that the actor was n't Danny Brook , how it was told in the advertisment .
tr	1	Also notice the entity & amp ; apos ; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .
tr	1	People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .
tr	1	per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para . 13 relative to the above .
tr	1	His name is commemorated in the Bernoulli 's principle , a particular example of the conservation of energy , which describes the mathematics of the mechanism underlying the operation of two important technologies of the 20th century : the carburetor and the airplane wing .
tr	1	That needs to be made very clear .
tr	1	New episodes are followed by after show , `` The Talking Dead . ''
tr	1	This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .
tr	1	Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found .
tr	1	It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .
tr	1	`` The artist of the Comédie Humaine , '' he wrote , `` is half smothered by the historian .
tr	1	Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes .
tr	1	The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel `` .
tr	1	Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .
tr	1	At the end we were given free concert tickets and got autobiographies from our favourite pop singers .
tr	1	Since September 11 , Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan .
tr	1	The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .
tr	1	The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
tr	1	In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .
tr	1	YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history , combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken into consideration .
tr	1	Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list . ?
tr	1	News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .
tr	1	Meanwhile , every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again .
tr	1	All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard 'giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...
tr	1	Anyways , it could not be found there , and as it was not likely to be sent from Europe , it did not appear clear to me what he was waiting for .
tr	1	But the main purpouse of the book is allow you to fly with your imagination and have a looking of how a life going to be in the future , when , perhaps the world will be commanded by machines .
tr	1	As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
tr	1	For two weeks this routine did not vary . The old man would wander through the streets of the neighborhood , advancing slowly , sometimes by the merest of increments , pausing , moving on again , pausing once more , as though each step had to be weighed and measured before it could take its place among the sum total of steps .
tr	1	Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .
tr	1	Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .
tr	1	PS ) When we called for a reservation , we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings .
tr	1	The law delineates a number of conditions whose fulfillment could bring the agreement back into effect : the USA would have to withdraw all of its troops from countries who joined NATO after 2000 , rescind all of the sanctions against Russia as well as reimburse the costs that have been incurred as a result of the sanctions .
tr	1	If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .
tr	1	If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?
tr	1	Once a boil is reached , transfer quinoa to a 8-by-8-inch baking dish . [ 2 ]
tr	1	There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
tr	1	They were from all accounts marginalized and not listened to .
tr	1	Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
tr	1	Prior to the ruling , the religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by the Greek Ministry of Culture .
tr	1	International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .
tr	1	Therefore , we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved .
tr	1	The city was renamed to Litzmannstadt , and Piotrkowska Street was called Adolf-Hitler-Strasse .
tr	1	Comments are much appreciated .
tr	1	A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .
tr	1	This morning 's paper reports that a rate increase of 40 % may be imposed by the CDWR as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion ( rather than the 10 initially discussed )
tr	1	Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are placed in a grid layout .
tr	1	You 've still got to get country people to realize that these functions are now distributed among various agencies :
tr	1	The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research .
tr	1	-- - A lunar exploration mission is funded at $ 20 million .
tr	1	If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?
tr	1	It is classified as one of the ten books that should figure in your own library .
tr	1	1575 After the Plague of Cremona , all games except chess were banned .
tr	1	The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned
tr	1	The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine , which have been observed since 1991 , continues to this day .
tr	1	Originally christened Micro-Soft , the '- ' was removed later on .
tr	1	Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .
tr	1	It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .
tr	1	Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .
tr	1	The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .
tr	1	For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .
tr	1	GOODWYN : According to Archibald , Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven , and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving , he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator .
tr	1	All her friends were amazed at her change and started trusting her at once .
tr	1	When you establish a link between the connection file and a page , the page 's ConnectionFile property is set to the name of the file .
tr	1	Language names are written following the recommendation for the transcription of national languages of Senegal , Decree 2005-981 .
tr	1	I hope your questions re answered appropriatly .
tr	1	Everything had been reduced to chance , a nightmare of numbers and probabilities .
tr	1	The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .
tr	1	Hadid was born on 31 October 1950 in Baghdad , Iraq , to an upper-class Iraqi family .
tr	1	I would prefer to be accomodated in tents because I love camping but I do n't mind also the second possibility .
tr	1	Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details . ?
tr	1	Lights of ships moved in the fairway – a great stir of lights going up and going down . And farther west on the upper reaches the place of the monstrous town was still marked ominously on the sky , a brooding gloom in sunshine , a lurid glare under the stars .
tr	1	He is said by one FBI agent to be `` very , very , very '' dangerous .
tr	1	Boxes should be marked `` Fragile '' and `` This side up '' to prevent mishandling .
tr	1	The sheikh in wheel-chair has been attacked with a F-16-launched bomb .
tr	1	The church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
tr	1	The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .
tr	1	To be sure , both Lopez & Perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in England as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , Jews . > >
tr	1	There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
tr	1	That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites .
tr	1	The appropriations shall be authorised by the budgetary authority within the limits of the financial perspective .
tr	1	The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .
tr	1	Once again , I waited for quite a bit before being attended to .
tr	1	All the big and small things which are defining people 's personal environment will be left nearly unchanged - the furniture , the pictures on the wall ... .
tr	1	Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
tr	1	Huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .
tr	1	Every aspect of my life is being constantly influence by achievements of science and technology - health , work , household , interaction with other people , etc .
tr	1	Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
tr	1	César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .
tr	1	They promised it 'd be done within an hour , so I waited in the lobby .
tr	1	My name is Sandre Atos , I am writting to you because this last weekend I went to the theatre , you manage , to see what was called `` London 's newest and best musical show `` .
tr	1	She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful -- - do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .
tr	1	The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .
tr	1	A third narrative poem , A Lover 's Complaint , in which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor , was printed in the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609 .
tr	1	In addition to all this , there was no discount in the price of the tickets , for students either , contrary to what I was told by phone when I asked for more information .
tr	1	Italian secularist associations are concerned the Government will modify the law in order to maintain an exception for religious schools .
tr	1	For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .
tr	1	It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .
tr	1	Any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this , so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops , despite what he is saying now , not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture , or that they have an alternative foreign power ( in this case Iran ) to back them up .
tr	1	Do n't think I 've ever been charged before .
tr	1	But even if my phone was broken , that does n't explain the real problem .
tr	1	Do whatever it is you ’ ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work .
tr	1	It was absent from Flanders Field and from Versailles , absent when the Ruhr was taken , absent from Teheran , Yalta , Potsdam , absent from British policy at the time of the Palestine Mandate , absent before , during , and after the Holocaust .
tr	1	Funny how some things are squirelled away by well-meaning prosecutors ...
tr	1	We are planning this event for Thursday , February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed .
tr	1	Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .
tr	1	Now-a-day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
tr	1	On a certain evening , which had been prearranged , I sent my friend final instructions , for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room .
tr	1	After a person dies , their remains are “ waked ” in their home for roughly 2-3days .
tr	1	Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified .
tr	1	The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
tr	1	When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .
tr	1	The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .
tr	1	She was staggered by the loss last year to the Cardinals .
tr	1	In the following example , the Salesperson field is in the MultiChart area , but it 's filtered so it displays individual charts for Buchanan and Davolio .
tr	1	I can tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious -- same dishes -- were consistent .
tr	1	Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...
tr	1	In all my travels I ’ ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .
tr	1	When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .
tr	1	After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon .
tr	1	Edit ... I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing..
tr	1	I promise you will not be disappointed !
tr	1	Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .
tr	1	Copies will be distributed .
tr	1	With population growth , new indigenous quarters were created .
tr	1	The code name for the project was called Oracle ( the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such ) .
tr	1	It is served in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes .
tr	1	In the interest of sustainable development , continuous improvement in the overall environmental impact of those products should be encouraged , notably by identifying the major sources of negative environmental impacts and avoiding transfer of pollution , when this improvement does not entail excessive costs .
tr	1	In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
tr	1	Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds , where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires .
tr	1	In Byron 's later memoirs , `` Mary Chaworth is portrayed as the first object of his adult sexual feelings . '' [ 20 ]
tr	1	What is more , they insist that before celebrities , they are also human-beings who want to live without being disturbed and watched .
tr	1	Any suggestions would be appreciated .
tr	1	In the Kowloon East geographical constituency , pro-Beijing district councillor Wilson Or was elected with 51,516 votes , the highest in this constituency .
tr	1	Growing Beavertail can be done at any time of year by scattering seeds in a shady bed or , for faster results , planting cuttings in a mix of soil and sand and ensuring that they have a bit of water and plenty of sun .
tr	1	On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India 's Aviation Research Center ; it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka 's east coast .
tr	1	Specifically , altering law once it is passed to accommodate his voting blocs .
tr	1	Lawsuits have been filed , mailing lists have been shut down , homes of discussion group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out war . ''
tr	1	He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian-administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar-e-Toiba militant group .
tr	1	sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .
tr	1	However we are allowed to eat , drink during the breaks .
tr	1	He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon and baptised there on 26 April 1564 .
tr	1	The idea is to play fish except every time you get a match you ’ re supposed to do what it says .
tr	1	Indeed our weekly poetry project celebrates this diversity of voice : each week a new short poem is chosen and as many readers as wish to record a version , so you get 20 + versions of the same poem , a very interesting audio experience .
tr	1	Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .
tr	1	In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
tr	1	I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision .
tr	1	As religious people , clergy and lay leaders , we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in our common civic life .
tr	1	Denis thinks your angle lamp 's been left at Government House , did he tell you ?
tr	1	In fact , I even wondered what had happened to you .
tr	1	Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , and without prejudice to the integrated approach promoted in this Directive , some priority should be given to those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at low cost .
tr	1	There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .
tr	1	Susanna , the first of their three children , was born six months later on 26 May 1583 .
tr	1	Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
tr	1	Some of this stuff is dangerous -- this experiment is not meant for children !
tr	1	Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .
tr	1	In conclusion , do n't forget that a job is just spent in your `` spare `` time .
tr	1	The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
tr	1	Instead of being taken to a hotel , where he could route out as promised , he was taken to the Century City Towers .
tr	1	`` Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , '' TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .
tr	1	Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula .
tr	1	Areas vital to the health of Europeans certainly ought to be prioritised for intensified action and initiative by the European Union .
tr	1	The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .
tr	1	But , Madam President , my personal request has not been met .
tr	1	The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in absentee voting , and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week .
tr	1	There should be sufficient flexibility to enable this factor to be integrated in product design whilst taking account of technical , functional and economic considerations .
tr	1	Firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor Danny Brook would play in the show .
tr	1	The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surrounding areas .
tr	1	It was written in the advertisment that I could visit your theatre restaurant after the show , but unfortunatelly it was closed .
tr	1	Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .
tr	1	There 's that to be said for it .
tr	1	( 3 ) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children .
tr	1	But this approach , which has been used since the middle of the last century , has not been effective with mosquitoes , owing to their fragility .
tr	1	After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .
tr	1	A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .
tr	1	However , the last buses from the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight .
tr	1	An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .
tr	1	Another disappointing point was that I wanted to watch Danny Brook so much and it was written that he was acting in the show , but unfortunately the man on the stage was not him .
tr	1	In 2005 , Holt was named defensive player of the year in District 6-4A , [ 3 ] and he earned all-district honors in 2006 , his senior year . [ 4 ]
tr	1	The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .
tr	1	The Alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to `` being a net source of CO2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2 . ''
tr	1	PLEASE NOTE : Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only takes minutes .
tr	1	The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .
tr	1	8 . Where is the defined term Govt Authority used ?
tr	1	She is called `` martyr '' by several Arab leaders and `` activist '' by the European press .
tr	1	First of all , I prefer travelling in July , because it will be my school vacation and I 'm not allowed to travel during school times .
tr	1	Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out next year .
tr	1	I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .
tr	1	I also know that you do n't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here .
tr	1	A major part of Wales , as you know , has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme .
tr	1	First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
tr	1	The last time that many read a news story about the Fund may have been when then-Managing Director Dominique Strauss Kahn was forced out in May 2011 , following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in a New York hotel .
tr	1	If you find yourself being pulled off into the depths of daydreams , set a period of time to do nothing but work .
tr	1	It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth .
tr	1	In 2012 , she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture , and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects .
tr	1	The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .
tr	1	Finaly , I must choose traveling there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work .
tr	1	It can also be done through online agencies as mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive ( normally £ 15 + £ 15 admin fee and additional postage ) .
tr	1	With regard to enforcement , proper agreements must also be concluded with the Eastern European countries because they will not enter into treaties which deal with this matter until 1 July 2001 , that is to say in eighteen months ' time .
tr	1	These language measures were compared in most studies to the same measures in a different set of subjects who had not experienced a period of limited exposure [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , or to retrospective ratings of the same subjects [ 21 ] , with only one longitudinal study testing the same subjects before and after a period of limited exposure [ 24 ] .
tr	1	The final paper was passed off to the outside world as the work of Zakaria Mohieddin , Nasser 's most thoughtful ( in Western eyes ) , reasonable deputy , and accepted at face value by intelligence analysts of the State Department , the C.I.A . and , presumably , similar agencies of other governments . ''
tr	1	I think they 'll be very pleased to see you back there .
tr	1	John Lennon 's divorce followed , as well as his entering the world of black magic , as deeply as to buy the apartment . where the `` Rosemary 's baby '' had been filmed , previous property of Roman Polansky , and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations .
tr	1	As it is said in your advertisement , the show is starring Danny Brook but there was different actor .
tr	1	XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .
tr	1	He was already dressed , his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his knitted tank top .
tr	1	She was also never forced to perform labour in the engine room .
tr	1	Before treatment , my food cravings were `` out of control '' which caused me to be stressed out .
tr	1	We could be filmed the class room too .
tr	1	Entering the 747 , my wife , Alexandra , and I are enfiladed by eyes that lie dark in hairy ambush .
tr	1	Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July .
tr	1	Creative Commons may be contacted at http :
tr	1	The feeling of being swept along and of uncertainty as regards the future prevents you from seeing things in any perspective whatsoever .
tr	1	It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .
tr	1	I dreamed that I was at the offworlder 's home , where it was summer but no one was taking care of the stabros , and they were all glad , and so I was a hero - and I was startled awake by gunfire .
tr	1	The pressure in this area is lower than that under the wing , so the wing is pushed upwards by the relatively higher pressure under the wing .
tr	1	The Ontario Independent Police Review Director , Gerry McNeilly , set the terms for his review this week after `` alarming questions '' were raised about how officers interact with Indigenous peoples .
tr	1	According to Christian belief , a grave which had been embedded in the chalkstone was the last resting place of Jesus .
tr	1	It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .
tr	1	A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .
tr	1	The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS , and did not get assigned during the reorg .
tr	1	The night had been terrible , but it could be saved by a nice dinner in your restaurant , but it been closed because the heater was not working due to leaking .
tr	1	Out of that cost , thirty-six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by King Hussein , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by German and Japanese partners .
tr	1	She says the issue is complicated and will take time to get right .
tr	1	To do this , drop areas must be shown in the chart .
tr	1	In 1882 , a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in operation .
tr	1	Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .
tr	1	Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .
tr	1	It could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000-strong `` 55th Brigade '' of the Taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .
tr	1	As long as that was done you can send for it at any time .
tr	1	Walking out last night , Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .
tr	1	Well I think that ’ s a pretty good question ; I don ’ t see why it should , I mean there happens to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there happened to be one I ’ d be opposed to that too .
tr	1	This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .
tr	1	( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .
tr	1	When I saw Jullia Roberts , I was socked .
tr	1	In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al-Jihad al-Islami group of Ayman al-Zawahiri ( many of these were from Upper Egypt , especially Asyut and environs ) .
tr	1	The 70 % of students said that the acting lesson should be filmed as the students , attending this lesson , are not only excited but also very active .
tr	1	It presents the case for marriage equality and states , “ We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage . ”
tr	1	And also , it was written that the discounts were available but they were not .
tr	1	After searching high and low for a salesman , I was treated like dirt , and we left .
tr	1	Mr. Tedeschi also told the court that , over the last five months of her life , '' Gloria 's eczema played a devastating role in her overall health and it is asserted by the Crown that both her parents knew this and discussed it with each other . ''
tr	1	In conclusion , 100 years from now , I think , better quality in clothes will be created in every field , such as sports , office , leisure , building site , school and space .
tr	1	The latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles will be shown in this occasion .
tr	1	I read in the newspaper that in the next days some book of short stories are going to be read on the radio .
tr	1	At least 330,000 people , including 10,000 technicians , were involved .
tr	1	Jóola languages are classified as members of Sapir ’ s ( 1971 ) BAK group of Atlantic languages of the Niger Congo language phylum .
tr	1	Nonpartisan Paul Tse and Wong Kwok-kin of the FTU were successfully re-elected .
tr	1	Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be expected to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization .
tr	1	For instance , if you 're asked what you 're up to , rather than saying , `` looking for people to hit on on Facebook '' you might find that it 's a better idea to give a sarcastic answer like `` writing the great American novel '' or `` drowning my sorrows '' .
tr	1	I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .
tr	1	Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .
tr	1	According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .
tr	1	It mostly has to do with the authorship of the book . Who wrote it , and how it was written .
tr	1	I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris
tr	1	The museum is located in Ouchy , in front of the `` Delamuraz Hotel `` .
tr	1	Some of these communities will be referred to in our discussion of death prevention names in § 6 .
tr	1	Pat sent to my house a fax with the different alternatives she thought but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the sorprise was ended .
tr	1	No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .
tr	1	The word 'ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .
tr	1	Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters or events ;
tr	1	First of all , the poster told me that this show was performed by Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but there was different actor .
tr	1	You do , however , have the option of purchasing Facebook credits , which can be used to send gifts or to purchase items on applications or games .
tr	1	In line with Article 5 of the Pericles Decision , the programme is implemented and coordinated by the Commission and the Member States working closely together .
tr	1	When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow-up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one-star in my opinion !
tr	1	Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
tr	1	Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream .
tr	1	He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
tr	1	Seeing that this is the first year of the drama lessons , it is not very well known .
tr	1	Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected ?
tr	1	He debuted for Boston after getting called up on July 6 in Anaheim .
tr	1	It started at 20:15 , but it was said that it starts at 19:30 .
tr	1	Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy 's Far Eastern Naval Command , now being established along with India 's `` blue water navy '' .
tr	1	Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?
tr	1	This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
tr	1	These have been sold .
tr	1	Lo and behold , they replaced the screen ( which had to be ordered ) yesterday and did n't charge me a dime .
tr	1	There was a vast amount of red – good to see at any time , because one knows that some real work is done in there , a deuce of a lot of blue , a little green , smears of orange , and , on the East Coast , a purple patch , to show where the jolly pioneers of progress drink the jolly lager-beer .
tr	1	With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .
tr	1	The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the conference .
tr	1	The problem of mollifying the Sunnis , though , has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an entrée .
tr	1	Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to throw and catch .
tr	1	Holt was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates with the club 's ninth round selection in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft , one pick before his Rice teammate Ryan Berry . [ 7 ]
tr	1	They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .
tr	1	The aim of this report is to give the suggestion of which lessons and activities should be filmed .
tr	1	In any event , this question is not presently included among the requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday .
tr	1	Even so , I think the positions are quite clear and they shall be entered in the Minutes .
tr	1	If your “ big project ” is something that can ’ t be done in one sitting , make a list of small parts of it that you can accomplish today .
tr	1	The portal was covered in mud until it was discovered in 1956 .
tr	1	If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .
tr	1	In addition to all this , the promised discounts in the tickets was not offered .
tr	1	Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war-weary public opinion in the US .
tr	1	At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the `` Albanian returnees '' case ( now he faces retrial ) .
tr	1	It is widely acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist Islamist groups , such as the Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami , in the port city of Chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from India 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
tr	1	Attached are Uecomm 's final comments to the Master Agreement .
tr	1	On March 10 , 1896 , Herzl was visited by Reverend William Hechler , the Anglican minister to the British Embassy .
tr	1	After I was inducted as International President in Phoenix in July , I have been to the Jeff McBride Experience in Eureka Springs , Arkansas , Magic Live in Las Vegas , The Midwest Magic Jubilee in St. Louis , the TAOM in Dallas , the British Ring Convention in Buxton , England and the Magic Circle in London .
tr	1	If the statement is true , it is a worrying sign that even the divided small radical guerrilla groups are being `` picked up '' by al-Qaeda .
tr	1	The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite `` high place '' from the Middle Bronze Age , ca . 1600 B.C.E .
tr	1	I wonder how much use could be made of a radio classroom in country schools , whether it could n't help considerably to ease the shortage of teachers , here , and maintain some sort of standard where teachers are perhaps not very well qualified .
tr	1	It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .
tr	1	A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .
tr	1	It has a long history in scholarship ( Baron & Beresford 2014 ) , but many key aspects of its production and significance have not yet been fully understood .
tr	1	Any advice would be greatly appreciated .
tr	1	The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .
tr	1	The convergence of views among the more militant Sunni Muslim clerics of AMS and the radical Shiites of the Sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial US assault on Fallujah and during the US attack on Mahdi Army militiamen in Najaf .
tr	1	In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .
tr	1	( 7 ) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of that Programme .
tr	1	Secondly , the show has started with a delay of 45 minutes , and because of this all my arrangements for that night were delayed .
tr	1	They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they `` do as they wilt '' .
tr	1	Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett .
tr	1	A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
tr	1	If you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .
tr	1	This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .
tr	1	One of the most dramatic plot developments in the source material ( Martin , 2000 ) was adapted to the screen in the penultimate episode of the third season , “ The Rains of Castamere ” ( Benioff & Weiss , 2013 ) .
tr	1	A very clear and accurate analysis of both Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean ports is required .
tr	1	Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .
tr	1	The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part-session .
tr	1	It felt as though he was being sucked down a giant plug hole .
tr	1	She dreamed about good friends , time that was long passed by and she dreamed from someone who she can tell her own secrets .
tr	1	The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .
tr	1	The ingredients are shaken and/or poured into a cocktail glass .
tr	1	This included to clean up the rooms which were used by the singers and put some equipment on the stage .
tr	1	I was issued a new corporate American Express card .
tr	1	No only : we had the bad surprise that Brook had been substituded by another actor !
tr	1	`` To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .
tr	1	You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .
tr	1	It 's always just `` Okay , they 're feet need to be done , better call the farrier . ''
tr	1	Hazim Al-Sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late Sheikh of Al-Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , M.S . Al-Sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
tr	1	After a time of neglect , a time when we – like the rest of Europe – believed that the continent 's borders would never again be changed by force , we are also increasing our defense spending , despite our economy 's precarious state .
tr	1	Aplo . lineatus are wide-spread over southern India .
tr	1	During this time , F-102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut , Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam , and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand .
tr	1	This date , which can be traced back to an 18th-century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .
tr	1	The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .
tr	1	Biologists think that fear causes this `` hypnosis , '' which may be an attempt to `` play dead '' to fool predators .
tr	1	Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .
tr	1	In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain , assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University , was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district .
tr	1	Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .
tr	1	Albeit limited , these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition likely follows the order identified in previous research , but appears to be completed at a later age in this language .
tr	1	Bray was slightly embarrassed by gossip , when quite sober , and said hesitantly , smiling ,
tr	1	You can control how the data is presented in a PivotTable view by customizing the layout .
tr	1	When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .
tr	1	that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable )
tr	1	In the first part of this book it can be seen Woods is not on the side of the blacks although he did n't approve of the government 's attitude to them .
tr	1	When people die of old age in India , it is supposed to be a celebration .
tr	1	Several scenarios were considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone pollution .
tr	1	The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
tr	1	Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .
tr	1	I think that if we want to show the good points of our typical school-day , we should film the large number of sport activities that this school organises because students are compelled by them to come to school with enthusiasm .
tr	1	She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .
tr	1	Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .
tr	1	An additional $ 800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA during the Committee 's consideration of the bill .
tr	1	Therefore he whacked the old nigger mercilessly , while a big crowd of his people watched him , thunderstruck , till some man , – I was told the chief 's son , – in desperation at hearing the old chap yell , made a tentative jab with a spear at the white man – and of course it went quite easy between the shoulder-blades .
tr	1	Until Romeo and Juliet , for example , romance had not been viewed as a worthy topic for tragedy .
tr	1	Yesterday it was my privilege and pleasure to be permitted two minutes ' speaking time in this House .
tr	1	As always , the interview was conducted on IRC , with multiple people asking questions .
tr	1	Since the bankruptcy filing , vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid ( Daniels , Fisher , Rosemont , other ) .
tr	1	No Shakespearean poems were included in the First Folio .
tr	1	But it can not be avoided .
tr	1	And the village was deserted , the huts gaped black , rotting , all askew within the fallen enclosures .
tr	1	We should n't allow to be exploited the world .
tr	1	Nida 's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text ( ST ) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page , and that meaning is self-contained within the text ( i.e . much more focused on achieving semantic equivalence ) .
tr	1	So should Ukraine really be forced to create a new constitutional order based on the Big Lie ?
tr	1	The Comedy of Errors was also based on classical models , but no source for The Taming of the Shrew has been found , though it is related to a separate play of the same name and may have derived from a folk story .
tr	1	Syria is surrounded by Turkey , Iraq , Jordan and Israel .
tr	1	The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .
tr	1	Indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the `` atrocities '' of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis .
tr	1	I then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .
tr	1	This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential .
tr	1	Microsoft Office Web Components are installed with Microsoft Office 2002 and Microsoft Office applications , or they can be installed separately from an installation point provided by the Web page designer .
tr	1	Our credit person does n't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated .
tr	1	Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .
tr	1	Sweden has been mentioned in the discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values .
tr	1	The early plays were influenced by the works of other Elizabethan dramatists , especially Thomas Kyd and Christopher Marlowe , by the traditions of medieval drama , and by the plays of Seneca .
tr	1	I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .
tr	1	At the age of 40 he was credited with revolutionizing the field of modern linguistics .
tr	1	My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! ''
tr	1	Information is spread quickly and you can access in minutes a wide range of data , that would take a much longer time to be found by traditional means .
tr	1	What was written on the advertisement ?
tr	1	Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999 .
tr	1	In order for the Enable system administrator ( SA ) user name check box to be enabled , the following must be true .
tr	1	4 Items for the inner field are repeated for each item in the outer field .
tr	1	Unlike that of the 28th of October , Mr. Comey 's letter has hardly been commented upon .
tr	1	She wrote relatively little as a result of living a brief life — she died at 24 — but her stories had a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still appreciated by the Japanese public today .
tr	1	In the Oct. 31 letters , electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were n't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .
tr	1	But business in the audiovisual sector is essentially done by small and medium-sized enterprises .
tr	1	Although no attendance records for the period survive , most biographers agree that Shakespeare was probably educated at the King 's New School in Stratford , a free school chartered in 1553 , about a quarter-mile from his home .
tr	1	Drop areas are displayed differently depending on the chart type .
tr	1	Much more detailed speculation based on these scant historical details has been interpolated by many of Galois ' biographers ( most notably by Eric Temple Bell in Men of Mathematics ) , such as the frequently repeated speculation that the entire incident was stage-managed by the police and royalist factions to eliminate a political enemy . [ 14 ]
tr	1	Attached below is Davis Thames ' presentation regarding the proposed Project Bruin .
tr	1	In a document dated 7 June 1609 in a lawsuit he brought in Stratford against John Addenbrooke , Shakespeare is described as 'generosus nuper in curia domini Jacobi ' ( 'gentleman , recently at the Court of King James ' ) .
tr	1	( 4 ) Energy efficiency improvement - with one of the available options being more efficient end use of electricity - is regarded as contributing substantially to the achievement of greenhouse gas emission targets in the Community .
tr	1	So , we can be connected other people with a mobile phone no matter where you are and you can correspond to other contry people in real time by using internet .
tr	1	The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows :
tr	1	Interested parties involved should be consulted and cooperate actively in this analysis .
tr	1	If Sam 's description below of the GCP procedure is correct , it looks to me like something needs to be changed .
tr	1	Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing/gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )
tr	1	Village names are written using their usual spelling .
tr	1	At the Battle of Chudnov in 1660 , Gordon was wounded . [ 1 ]
tr	1	A further point was how private copying should be regulated in the digital environment .
tr	1	An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body , which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .
tr	1	The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .
tr	1	They were surprised by evidence that babies grow in the same way worldwide , as long as they receive the same care and are not constrained by environmental factors – evidence that challenged the widely held notion that ethnicity and gender are major determinants of a child 's development .
tr	1	White people given appointments in African countries after independence were usually employed on contract .
tr	1	Whereas Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .
tr	1	We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .
tr	1	This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves `` the boat people '' .
tr	1	Needless to say , safety on roads , railways and inland waterways is of key importance and , given the international nature of these types of transport , training for safety advisors should also be harmonised , therefore , as well as the requirements of the new ADR , for example , which is under way .
tr	1	Daniel Bernoulli was described by W. W. Rouse Ball as `` by far the ablest of the younger Bernoullis '' .
tr	1	this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .
tr	1	One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM .
tr	1	not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .
tr	1	Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing .
tr	1	I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .
tr	1	The only real feeling was a desire to get appointed to a trading-post where ivory was to be had , so that they could earn percentages .
tr	1	That being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .
tr	1	Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the 'affair . '
tr	1	His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .
tr	1	To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the `` HollyŁódź '' of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .
tr	1	Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts , Lee Jordan .
tr	1	He had no political power , and his influence extended only so far as he was humored by those around him ;
tr	1	It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .
tr	1	In that time , it was closed because it had been being repaired .
tr	1	However , the salesman in the box office told me the discount tickets had been sold out .
tr	1	The commuting crowds can be avoided however by walking from NTU Hospital Station or Shandao Station .
tr	1	Many of these Sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years .
tr	1	From my point of view , people 's home in the future will be controlled by a computer which is devised in every machine , TV , cooker and the light , connecting to the owner .
tr	1	And if this were not enough , I had no discount in the ticket as was written .
tr	1	I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .
tr	1	Water from the rivers is used in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants , generating as much as 2900 kilowatts of electricity .
tr	1	Unreported by the international media , the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
tr	1	The current New Zealand flag is partially based on the United Kingdom 's flag ;
tr	1	Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .
tr	1	Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .
tr	1	He is puzzled .
tr	1	Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
tr	1	Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the `` cruise '' phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this wind .
tr	1	Quite recently , in my country electrical bicycles have been invented .
tr	1	With Loma Prieta in 1989 , the effective barrier of the Cypress Street Overpass was destroyed , and the decades since have seen the rebuilding and refurbishing of many of the neighborhood 's original Victorian houses , and there is a burgeoning performing arts community growing near the center of the neighborhood .
tr	1	Prices listed , however , are usually based on two people in a cabin , and you will likely face some high `` single supplement '' costs in addition .
tr	1	They should be delivered this week .
tr	1	It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .
tr	1	The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave .
tr	1	The only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat .
tr	1	In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
tr	1	Certain ANSI-89 SQL features are not implemented and the wildcard characters conform to the Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) specification , not SQL .
tr	1	The mosque was designed to be a private mosque for the royal family and therefore it does not have any minarets .
tr	1	However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .
tr	1	Enron 's working gas will be reduced by 420,588MMBTU .
tr	1	I would like to sum up by saying that every person , either famous or not , deserves to have a private life without being followed or disturbed .
tr	1	The end-of-conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .
tr	1	Firstly , I found that there were no discounts as it was announced in the advertisement .
tr	1	I am all for thought being given to this and for seeking solutions .
tr	1	The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .
tr	1	In 1593 and 1594 , when the theatres were closed because of plague , Shakespeare published two narrative poems on erotic themes , Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece .
tr	1	In addition I need to know whether meals are included or not in the accomodation so that I could decide how much I must have with me .
tr	1	In this regard , I would also like to refer very briefly to the problems of the tunnels , which Messrs Rack and Swoboda have referred to , which , in the case of Austria , is doubtless a very sensitive issue , and great effort should be made to improve their safety .
tr	1	I think that it must be awful to know that you are observed by journalists or other people , your fans for example all 24 hours in a day , and the all things you do in your life are published and the whole world knows who is your friend , where you go shopping , who you love in and who you sleep with .
tr	1	In the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency , pro-Beijing New People Party 's Regina Ip was re-elected with 60,760 votes .
tr	1	A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .
tr	1	Please everyone ... .take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...
tr	1	Probably it was n't so nice to do jobs which you were told to do , but you see many stars out of stage .
tr	1	This rail is used for multi purposes , such as laser devices or flashlight devices .
tr	1	A national base area for each producing Member State is hereby established .
tr	1	All this activities which should be filmed , are our daily life at our school .
tr	1	He was trained to a harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .
tr	1	( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality .
tr	1	Typically , we receive both FX and inflation from you , but both curves may not always be used .
tr	1	My mother winces at the injection and is surprised again .
tr	1	The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .
tr	1	Continuing vigilance is needed in order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight against euro counterfeiting .
tr	1	The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .
tr	1	The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	1	Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex .
tr	1	Should the statue of David be censored ?
tr	1	Also , there are two activities should be filmed .
tr	1	A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .
tr	1	That evening , the problems started with the tickets ... On the contrary with the advertisement , that was published on the Guardian , there were no discounts available , although I had an International Student Identity card .
tr	1	Technology has been improved by human being rapidly .
tr	1	In the Kowloon West geographical constituency , pro-Beijing councillors Ann Chiang of DAB and Priscilla Leung of BPA were successfully re-elected , as well as pan-democratic councillors Claudia Mo of the Civic Party and Wong Pik-wan of the Democratic Party .
tr	1	The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( Shona took this to do after Brent 's return to Houston ) for comments to all business controllers .
tr	1	Taking off one 's shoes at temples and private homes is mandatory etiquette , and this may even be requested at some shops .
tr	1	The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and resumed at 9 p.m .
tr	1	The other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70 's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation .
tr	1	The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names .
tr	1	Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .
tr	1	Good farming practice and animal welfare can not be considered in isolation from food legislation as a whole .
tr	1	It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his 'perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .
tr	1	As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .
tr	1	does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada ?
tr	1	The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .
tr	1	He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .
tr	1	In conclusuon , I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be done .
tr	1	Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
tr	1	He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying , `` you do not order what you do not know about '' and `` you do n't know how pizza is made '' .
tr	1	Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .
tr	1	He is often called England 's national poet and the `` Bard of Avon '' .
tr	1	Yes , all tropical cyclones are driven by high heat content waters .
tr	1	The prize was awarded to Dvořák in 1874 [ a ] and again in 1876 and in 1877 , when Brahms and the prominent critic Eduard Hanslick , also a member of the jury , made themselves known to him .
tr	1	In order to examine potential bivariate associations , the adjusted F statistic ( design-based F ) was employed as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health . [ 21 ]
tr	1	The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .
tr	1	He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .
tr	1	The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .
tr	1	it will still be filled with vegetables and meat .
tr	1	When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .
tr	1	The most important thing in the future will be knowing how to deal with machines , so , today 's children must be introduced to computers since an early age , so that they could have a chance to compete with the furious emearrence in the future .
tr	1	its illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know its stolen .
tr	1	When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .
tr	1	When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .
tr	1	We start from the widely agreed premise that testing the reproducibility of findings should have an essential role in the testing and refinement of theory , at least for hypothesis-testing epistemologies that seek to ascertain generalizability and for other epistemologies in which constructs are deemed to be definable and observable .
tr	1	- The target groups for the programme have been reached in part with a very high participation by law enforcement officials ;
tr	1	In my countries school we are not allowed to have an argument with class-mates and not allowed to eat at class .
tr	1	Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
tr	1	A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .
tr	1	`` People are still intrigued by how stars live , dress and socialize , since it is so different from most people 's every day lives . ''
tr	1	Yes my daily life has been changed and it 's a good thing .
tr	1	Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .
tr	1	It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
tr	1	The work was completed within one week , and everything was cleaned up on completion .
tr	1	It was just like Marlow . It was accepted in silence .
tr	1	The name was derived from the founder 's name Dr.Michael Cowpland .
tr	1	This name was formed by using COMp , for computer , and PAQ to denote a small integral object .
tr	1	Specifically , Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging `` spiritual '' marriages for girls and older men .
tr	1	This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce ’ s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies meant to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
tr	1	There is a new game in town : The actual murderer is called `` the military wing '' , the one who pays him , equips him and sends him is now called `` the political wing '' and the head of the operation is called the `` spiritual leader '' .
tr	1	There was no food sent to the front lines .
tr	1	you 'll be more or less settled by the time she arrives .
tr	1	When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .
tr	1	The times were not respected : the show began 45 minutes late .
tr	1	Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated , and you 'll be fine .
tr	1	In 1947 Copeland had been sent to Damascus ( `` by whom is not stated , '' Kedourie says ) `` to make unofficial contact '' with Syrian leaders and `` to probe for means of persuading them , on their own , to liberalize their political system . ''
tr	1	Some of Shakespeare 's plays were published in quarto editions from 1594 .
tr	1	There were no clues , no leads , no moves to be made .
tr	1	The birth registration was done right in hospital .
tr	1	The two organisations launched an appeal which was thrown out by the Court of Cassation on the 12th of October .
tr	1	Honoré De Balzac was born into a family which had struggled nobly to achieve respectability .
tr	1	Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message .
tr	1	As the third point , our tickets were not discounted at all !
tr	1	One of “ NCRC4ME ’ s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .
tr	1	Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S..
tr	1	On August 9 , 2004 , it was announced that in the Spring of 2001 , a man named El-Shukrijumah , also known as Jafar the Pilot , who was part of a `` second wave , '' had been casing New York City helicopters .
tr	1	Of the Facebook users who were directed to CM Photographics ’ website from the adverts , 60 % became qualified leads and actively expressed interest in more information .
tr	1	I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .
tr	1	I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .
tr	1	It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .
tr	1	This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements .
tr	1	I ca n't stand wearing a suit or kit like which has been showed in Starwars !
tr	1	Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores , and were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea .
tr	1	The modern technologies are used all the time at home , at school or working .
tr	1	Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
tr	1	Any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated .
tr	1	To sum up , according to the survey , it 's obvious that more than half of students want acting lesson to be filmed .
tr	1	Yesterday evening , the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany ( ARD , Tagesthemen ) .
tr	1	It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .
tr	1	I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .
tr	1	It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer-songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .
tr	1	Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X ( NWP and PGT ) .
tr	1	The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of how the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .
tr	1	Your World Series in Question document : was received Kyle Jones/US/AMERICAS/Equant by : at : 01:00:51 PM Today
tr	1	For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :
tr	1	Any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited .
tr	1	Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran .
tr	1	Then , when we moved out , we cleaned the apartment top to bottom , they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees ( and we never got our deposit back ) and past utilities ( that were already paid , we have check numbers and records of this ) .
tr	1	Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
tr	1	Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
tr	1	Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
tr	1	Many lives are wasted every year because of the depredations of the people-smugglers .
tr	1	Less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .
tr	1	the legitimacy of the published findings was not enhanced through their publication by Elsevier , but rather the legitimacy of Elsevier ’ s publications — and , by extension , all academic journals — was diminished through their dissemination of deceptive and commercially interested research .
tr	1	I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed .
tr	1	The mistery is kept until the last page of the book .
tr	1	( The order of business was adopted thus amended ) .
tr	1	The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola .
tr	1	They might be imprisoned or executed
tr	1	According to records released earlier this year , Bush earned 253 points in his first year , May 1968 to May 1969 ( since he joined in May 1968 , his service thereafter was measured on a May-to-May basis ) .
tr	1	This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities .
tr	1	The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .
tr	1	The sum of 12 million ECU has been made available for possible initiatives agreed with Cyprus for projects to promote confidence-building measures .
tr	1	Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin , an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad ' , in which he stated that `` although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam , but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions '' .
tr	1	and the verse in The Two Gentlemen of Verona has been described as stilted .
tr	1	I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . : )
tr	1	NASA held a ceremony commemorating the date outside the hangar , known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1 , for Space Shuttle Atlantis , which is being prepped for its final mission which will be STS-135 , which will be the last Space Shuttle mission .
tr	1	The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .
tr	1	If so , this happy band has not been heard from since .
tr	1	Spinal pain , piles , hernia , hydrocele in men , nervous pain , nervous disability will be cured .
tr	1	A team of San Diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year .
tr	1	In Fall 2004 , MSNBC , relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson , reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas .
tr	1	The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman .
tr	1	Our community culture is focused on wikiLove and civility .
tr	1	Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty , a plane shot down , are pre-determined .
tr	1	But the lack of specific guidelines here is particularly to be regretted , as the idea of linking Social Fund assistance to the employment strategy will be put into effect for the first time during the 2000-2006 programme .
tr	1	We have to have knowledge of the history of magic and what has been done before .
tr	1	In 100 years most of the clothes are made from syntetical material .
tr	1	Even though we were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza , when guests asked for a different type , it was brought out with no charge to us !
tr	1	the compound word for this phrase , in the language that was spoken round the capital , and that he had never really known well .
tr	1	Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema .
tr	1	At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix , FBI and state officials said Jeffs `` is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . ''
tr	1	Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way .
tr	1	He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .
tr	1	These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
tr	1	The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance ( abstaining from alcohol ) , in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by .
tr	1	He would have to hope that Stillman had not been warned that he would be there .
tr	1	I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .
tr	1	At times , the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever , as more is revealed and resolved in 2005 .
tr	1	I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club 's actual OWNER ? !
tr	1	In the same season , he was named both to the All-NCAA Regional Team and the All-Silver Glove Trophy Series team . [ 6 ]
tr	1	I think everything round us is thanks for technology but we ca n't forget that this things was made by us .
tr	1	During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .
tr	1	It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for US standing with local Iraqis .
tr	1	They decided to build more school specially in Switzerland because the people were considerated clever .
tr	1	Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated .
tr	1	You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .
tr	1	She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .
tr	1	I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this was n't possible .
tr	1	After being discussing , we want to suggest how we think the programme should be re-arranged .
tr	1	In fact our life style is based on the technology , now , if we want to stay at home without having contact with other people , we can do it , we just need a computer and a modem and that 's it .
tr	1	In these days , many kinds of pollution have been caused by our modern life .
tr	1	Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .
tr	1	UK : Applying for the visa is a very simple process and can be done by post or in person at the Cuban embassy in London .
tr	1	The problem was that one of the technics was from England and nobody there spoke nor a word in English so I was asked to be the interpreter .
tr	1	You 're not committed to the real world .
tr	1	America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .
tr	1	That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .
tr	1	The listener is challenged to complete the sense .
tr	1	For the vast majority of product categories available on the Community market , very different degrees of environmental impact can be noted though they provide similar functional performances .
tr	1	Ron 's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle .
tr	1	He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days .
tr	1	The video can be finished with a view of the school from outside .
tr	1	`` Port Blair , Havelock Islands , Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , Campbell 's Bay , Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , '' he said .
tr	1	These animals are shrouded in mystery .
tr	1	This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .
tr	1	Another important point for me is that things like listening music or watching TV sounds better and the pictures on TV are being impoved , because the machines become more better .
tr	1	In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .
tr	1	According to Parmesan 's earlier studies , one extinction event , for instance , was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely , relying on a warming temperature signal , then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .
tr	1	It could make things worse that the visit to your theatre restaurant , which had already been closed because of lack of customers , was canceled .
tr	1	Four persons were arrested , reportedly belonging to the Manipur Revolutionary People 's Front .
tr	1	The proposal put forward by the Commission is to be welcomed from the consumers ' point of view .
tr	1	$ 5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
tr	1	I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( I do n't remember if you were there or not ) but I 'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great , thanks !
tr	1	Several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks , others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the Islamic party .
tr	1	Bush , in answering the question about the leader of Pakistan , also said : `` The new Pakistani general , he 's just been elected -- not elected , this guy took over office .
tr	1	In 1928 , a 90-hectare golf course was built in the north-eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .
tr	1	went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake !
tr	1	Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .
tr	1	On the one hand , our time is taken to learn how to deal with the new technologies .
tr	1	After complaining on September 10th to National Home Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .
tr	1	He talked to the elderly English princess who sat beside him with her knees peaked neatly together in the Royal position curiously expressive of the suffering of ceremonies , and Bray saw him point out the contingent of Gala women , their faces and breasts whitened for joy , who were lined up among the troops of musicians and dancers from various regions .
tr	1	The history is written with red ink .
tr	1	Several `` group theories '' have also been proposed .
tr	1	The declaration is optional but is recommended in any XML document .
tr	1	The place was almost deserted at that hour .
tr	1	It also has the great advantage of almost always being perceived as incredibly boring .
tr	1	It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .
tr	1	Why is the city called Miramar ?
tr	1	One event that should not be missed to film , is the weekly football game between teachers and students , which shows how well they get along with each other .
tr	1	It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the `` Oil Capital of the World '' .
tr	1	I found that most of them had suggested that four lessons should be filmed which as follow :
tr	1	Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized .
tr	1	In the current study , the responses from two children were not included because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .
tr	1	The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .
tr	1	In response to the aforementioned situation where the three types of lights are compared by their efficiency and effectiveness as light sources , the proponents conducted this study .
tr	1	Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .
tr	1	All your stuffs will be performed by the computers .
tr	1	We know , and we have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed , including specifically during the last plenary part-session of last year , that this is not solely a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings .
tr	1	Respondents were asked to indicate their race from among the following categories : White ; Black or African American ; Hispanic ; American Indian or Native American ; and Asian or Pacific Islander .
tr	1	Oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound .
tr	1	It is believed that one of the most popular activities in Merton College .
tr	1	the following day his new son-in-law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .
tr	1	that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled .
tr	1	To avoid collapse the Russians may be driven into a war with China .
tr	1	Clothes that used to be made of coton , but nowadays we can see shirts , pants socks ... . made of almost everything .
tr	1	52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting-technology firm , a big Republican donor .
tr	1	Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning , which it was n't .
tr	1	For example , on the leaflet it was written that there will be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six different countries .
tr	1	He is now being outperformed by his successors .
tr	1	At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .
tr	1	Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated .
tr	1	He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .
tr	1	It is recommend that you use short words since they are commonly used .
tr	1	This refusal can be interpreted as indirect encouragement of the impunity and immunity of the terrorists of yesterday , today and tomorrow .
tr	1	One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying , `` Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region . ''
tr	1	Yet a superficial fixation on China 's headline GDP growth persists , so that a 25 % deceleration , to a 7-8 % annual rate , is perceived as somehow heralding the end of the modern world 's greatest development story .
tr	1	I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .
tr	1	Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding , including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement , the Comprehensive Settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement . ?
tr	1	Constantine the Great - later responsible for making Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire - was first proclaimed Emperor in the city .
tr	1	The headmaster was extremely angry about it and he gave both students a heavy punishment , which was suspended from school for a week .
tr	1	Rather , you are continuously summoned to solidarity , summoned from within yourself rather than by any external compulsion , because you live from one newscast to the next , and it becomes a solidarity that is technical , automatic from the standpoint of its emotional reaction , because by now you are completely built to react that way and to live in tension .
tr	1	Or , `` The nerve center of the whole security system of a revolutionary state ( or of any state ) lies in a secret body , the identity and very existence of which can be safely known only to the head of the revolutionary government and to the fewest possible number of other key leaders . ''
tr	1	From Canada , the tourist card is normally provided on the flight .
tr	1	Oh , it did n't surprise me in the least to hear this , and at the same time to be told that Fresleven was the gentlest , quietest creature that ever walked on two legs .
tr	1	From then on , the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world .
tr	1	Christ , you 'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .
tr	1	I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .
tr	1	But nothing can be done about that . No . About that . No , no . Not anymore .
tr	1	He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .
tr	1	At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .
tr	1	It is said that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove in the advertisement .
tr	1	Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?
tr	1	At my school , we are n't allowed to smoke inside the building , because the building is made of wood , it tend to catch fire easily , and we are n't allowed to use Internet ,
tr	1	I am very disappointed because the things that were writen on the advertisment were not really true .
tr	1	The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .
tr	1	24 - Number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in Guantanamo 's new mental ward .
tr	1	People aged 13-17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .
tr	1	Each task is then assigned an exact amount of time to complete .
tr	1	This procedure guarantees that all countries applying for membership are treated equally .
tr	1	Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector .
tr	1	We are staying next to the airport which is located next to BARTrail .
tr	1	Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well-trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .
tr	1	Given the conflicting information available , the true identity of his killer may well be lost to history .
tr	1	Fear complexes will be removed .
tr	1	Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .
tr	1	they emerge from the privacy of their own lives which , for an interval , we have not been allowed to see .
tr	1	Readers of the book series had long anticipated and dreaded the events of the “ Red Wedding ” , while fans of the show unfamiliar with Martin ’ s narrative were largely taken unawares by the pivotal episode .
tr	1	In the case of the imperial family , it is considered extremely inappropriate to use the given name .
tr	1	But Johnson was so obtuse he didn ’ t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .
tr	1	Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .
tr	1	She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .
tr	1	Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .
tr	1	During one episode , he is shown to be an adept guitar player .
tr	1	Nearly 90 per cent of people know how to use a computer and computers are used in every section of our lives .
tr	1	Chinese New Year and other feasts observed by Thai Chinese vary with respect to both , as these are calculated according to the Chinese calendar .
tr	1	He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .
tr	1	A bold step taken shall not be regretted , I assure you .
tr	1	Those devices made our life easier like old fridges had to be defreezed to melt out and new fridges use different kind of cooling and will tell you if your forgot to close the door !
tr	0	The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .
tr	0	Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .
tr	0	I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium , what can I fill it with ?
tr	0	Therefore Japanese architect consider designing of use many glasses as much as they can in house and try not to create speparate dark room .
tr	0	It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .
tr	0	I have been playing Basketball for many years but I would appreciate to improve my skills , in particular the ball-handling .
tr	0	In 1970 Roland Barthes published S/Z , a detailed analysis of Balzac 's story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism .
tr	0	A sudden , unpleasant thought struck him .
tr	0	It is Iran 's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf , especially for the US Navy .
tr	0	Finally , everyone should decrease his own life 's rythm .
tr	0	An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘ ’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’ ’
tr	0	The front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude .
tr	0	I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .
tr	0	The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .
tr	0	The dispute is becoming increasingly bitter and is beginning to look like a trade war .
tr	0	For some reason or other we did not begin that game of dominoes .
tr	0	Good luck , enjoy your time !
tr	0	Stranger Things Happen -
tr	0	When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing `` the nation '' far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .
tr	0	It was very sorry news to Richard Brown .
tr	0	So if I have this opportunity , I do n't want to fail it .
tr	0	Start thinking about the grammar rules .
tr	0	about the Hotel is cling , and have a good serves the rooms are dobuels and neche have owe bathroom ant for the nomber of student we get a good Valud .
tr	0	He used incidents from his life and the people around him , in works like Eugénie Grandet and Louis Lambert .
tr	0	This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour .
tr	0	Have no fear , no hesitation , for Winning shall be it 's reward !
tr	0	After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab , I have made a full recovery .
tr	0	( 21 ) EUPs complying with the ecodesign requirements laid down in implementing measures to this Directive should bear the `` CE '' marking and associated information , in order to enable them to be placed on the internal market and move freely .
tr	0	Beards/Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .
tr	0	Sanctuary serves delicious , somewhat healthy food in a great restaurant/fast food style .
tr	0	The worst thing is that I could n't watch my favorite actor .
tr	0	My confession caused a disaster in the life of her and her family , and they called the police to take me out of the planet or arrested , so that I ca n't see her again .
tr	0	I would prefer to travel only on July because it 's when my vacations start .
tr	0	Over three years after 9-11 , the United Nations , despite their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still can not properly define the word `` terrorist '' , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of innocent civilians are terrorist acts .
tr	0	Utilization of busted CFL in developing cheap and efficient segmented compact LED bulbs
tr	0	well , of course , you know .
tr	0	He graduated summa cum laude from the University of California in 1936 .
tr	0	25 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by America .
tr	0	2 - Percentage of the world 's population that is British .
tr	0	I like yuor blog .
tr	0	I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .
tr	0	Nowadays most Eegimaa speakers from Mof-Ávvi live outside their homeland , generally in urban areas like Ziguinchor and Dakar .
tr	0	Dobby has them here , sir , said the elf .
tr	0	Here you die and mingle .
tr	0	for Books that Speak for Themselves ... .
tr	0	It 's hard to be extremely quite for five hours but I reckon it 's a good way of education .
tr	0	Always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .
tr	0	I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .
tr	0	You should treat all pets like children .
tr	0	Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people seeking asylum .
tr	0	Despite shopping is boring I think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several clothes and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment .
tr	0	I have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
tr	0	Here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visiting the painting museum .
tr	0	Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
tr	0	One day , we were sitting in the dinning-hall like usually .
tr	0	`` We were all American citizens and there was no way that anybody helped us .
tr	0	Our citizens can not accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .
tr	0	In response to the said problem , this project study gives solution to the problem of the society concerning environment , health and safety as well energy conservation , by developing a segmented compact light-emitting diode ( SCLED ) bulb from busted CFL that are efficient , economical , and does not contain toxic chemicals .
tr	0	The CGI Mestre have stated in a note , that there will be no rise in VAT , for 2017 at least .
tr	0	320 ml ( 1 - 1/4 cups ) sunflower oil ( or coconut oil )
tr	0	But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .
tr	0	In addition , if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile device , please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with internet usage and/or text messaging as determined by your mobile service provider .
tr	0	T 's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason .
tr	0	His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application , ensuring compliance with the building regulations .
tr	0	Greyhound Bus Lines +1918584-4428 , 317 S Detroit Ave. ( downtown ) .
tr	0	Poor old Dando .
tr	0	Please respond to < ekrapels @ esaibos.com >
tr	0	From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .
tr	0	I brought a car in to have the `` check engine '' light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .
tr	0	It 's not that problem that there was no more discount available - but I had choosen it , because I 'm ( alowed ? )
tr	0	That is not my real name . No .
tr	0	and we do n't know them except for eating there .
tr	0	Do this for about one hour .
tr	0	I go look round shops .
tr	0	Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps , Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials .
tr	0	Adjournment of the session
tr	0	me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .
tr	0	In that same year he became interim pastor of Calvary Church of Santa Ana , California following the resignation of its founding pastor .
tr	0	The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces . ?
tr	0	Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 and was survived by his wife and two daughters .
tr	0	Harry jumped to his feet just as a jeering voice floated across the lawn .
tr	0	Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica , Grand Cayman , Cozumel , St. Thomas , the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten .
tr	0	However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI .
tr	0	Quinn asked him if he could try , and the boy walked over and put it in his hand .
tr	0	The Web page designer must also provide an installation point for the components and a pointer to that location on the component installation page .
tr	0	For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .
tr	0	Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair @ enron.com
tr	0	Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .
tr	0	These include two operas by Giuseppe Verdi , Otello and Falstaff , whose critical standing compares with that of the source plays .
tr	0	Email : mayur ... @ yahoo.com SMS : +919819602175 Web :
tr	0	The Valley of Jehosaphat , with its tombs .
tr	0	The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as `` chisaya mama '' or `` mother of all grains . '' [ 1 ]
tr	0	PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our 'Homes Wanted ' page
tr	0	Because of it I believe it is the best date for travel You asked me about accommodations or Camp California .
tr	0	I was absolutely threaled to resive news about my win in a competition .
tr	0	`` Had it happened five hours earlier or four hours earlier , I think the death toll would have been more than a thousand . ''
tr	0	Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and `` There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck '' .
tr	0	A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion , a blood-stained pack of cards , and a staring glass eye .
tr	0	Another thing I dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assisstants which try to sale any products to the `` victim `` entring the door .
tr	0	By a simple trick of the intelligence , a deft little twist of naming , he felt incomparably lighter and freer .
tr	0	Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie ' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard .
tr	0	And also I have never played the piano with the singers before , and after that it makes me more confident and improved my skills a lot .
tr	0	If you already own a Beavertail cactus , you can make your own cuttings .
tr	0	Do n't miss the spectacular waterfalls in the jungle of Basse-Terre ( Carbet Falls ) .
tr	0	We feel that the Funds are a necessary but insufficient condition for achieving economic and social cohesion .
tr	0	Huskers drool over Sooners .
tr	0	Do dogs enjoy watching T.V . ?
tr	0	COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .
tr	0	Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .
tr	0	Another of North Oakland 's group of foodie spots , home to the city 's single Michelin-rated restaurant and many others ; cafes , ice cream , coffee shops and pleasant walks complete the vision of this interesting and quiet neighborhood .
tr	0	it is not important whether they are working for media foundation or not , they just try to find the best pose .
tr	0	Starlin took over as plotter the following issue , and began developing an elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos , and spread across a number of Marvel titles .
tr	0	Anyway , to participate in two-weeks Camp California in the U.S.A I readily give you my personal details and information .
tr	0	I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .
tr	0	Then add the other mate .
tr	0	He cured the bird to fly with love , and the bird was able to fly .
tr	0	They was about to Charge me $ 129 ...
tr	0	Please see the attached .
tr	0	Build a community around your business .
tr	0	Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .
tr	0	In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
tr	0	The difference in the results obtained from the application of D2 Test of attention before and after was statistically significant ( p < 0.05 ) ,
tr	0	First , I tell you the name of the hotel ,
tr	0	The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .
tr	0	U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a `` war with Islamic fascists , '' saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions .
tr	0	The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .
tr	0	why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .
tr	0	And well Mrs Helen I would really apprecciatte if you send me back a letter with all the answers of my question , anyway .
tr	0	He unhooked his safety belt and leaned over to look at an angle through the bleary lens on the far side of the aisle ; and there it was , tiny and distorted and real , bush , earth , exactly as it remained in his mind always , without his thinking about it .
tr	0	MAD means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .
tr	0	Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill .
tr	0	Mr Auster ? A tentative smile ; a questioning tilt to the head .
tr	0	Sustainable development also requires proper consideration of the health , social and economic impact of the measures envisaged .
tr	0	I told Pat to keep in mind that my parents would be very angry if they got to know that .
tr	0	Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke 's Hospitals in Cambridgeshire .
tr	0	First , surveys are subject to variable response rates and the misinterpretation of questions or sample frames , which can inject bias into fine-grained analyses [ 21 , 22 ] .
tr	0	Because obviously most people have never even heard of this section .
tr	0	More than 330 crew are onboard the ship .
tr	0	Mark , I thought you would enjoy the comment about you .
tr	0	$ 36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming , Vice-President Cheney 's home state .
tr	0	We need light every day , not just night time .
tr	0	They have the best rates and GREAT customer service .
tr	0	They are always suffering the revenge that Heathcliff swear , cause of which is the miserable situation the other character have put him in .
tr	0	Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .
tr	0	Also found in Socotra 's landscape is the ever-strange and extremely rare Cucumber Tree .
tr	0	It was around .
tr	0	And - most influential of all - Victor Cousin 's courses on philosophy encouraged his students to think independently .
tr	0	Let me know if that does n't seem possible .
tr	0	Now not only is my leg better , but my back is relaxing .
tr	0	Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ;
tr	0	If America remains stuck in its under-saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .
tr	0	In addition , there is a reduction of 22,101MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA values ( Best Available ) that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet and the `` official '' February 29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS .
tr	0	News coverage of the president ’ s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .
tr	0	Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .
tr	0	For example , you can group the LastName field by first letter to create groups , such as A , B , and so on .
tr	0	What a fantastic store , I love this place .
tr	0	Dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows .
tr	0	Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .
tr	0	I have just received your letter and I am really looking forward to going to this trip .
tr	0	Also , let me know of any other ideas about replacement property .
tr	0	wikiHow is a collaborative effort to build the world 's largest , highest quality how-to manual .
tr	0	Almost every day he 'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .
tr	0	The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .
tr	0	Cheapest airline ticket from Raleigh to Philippines ?
tr	0	Heres my reason ... ..
tr	0	Basically modern technology has changed our life more comfortably but there are some disadvantages such as lack of friendship , togetherness because of people staying in their house being on the Internet for whole day .
tr	0	Not so the merry-minded Hasidim , exulting everywhere .
tr	0	Harry told them all about Dobby , the warning he 'd given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding .
tr	0	Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving , in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture .
tr	0	Finally , I would like to ask you which kind of clothes are more suitable for that time of the year at the camp , the amount of money that more or less I would need to bring with me and if there is any cooking equipment to cook the meals ourselves .
tr	0	Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .
tr	0	Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger @ enron.com
tr	0	If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , `` It was just a joke ! ''
tr	0	Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups . :
tr	0	But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend to walk .
tr	0	And what 's more , there were n't discouts available and the theatre restaurant was closed : the only people who could enter in were the actors and the staff .
tr	0	First , Danny Brook was n't the star that night , he was replaced by an actor that seemed a rookie .
tr	0	I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .
tr	0	I look , I see the round bottle is red wine inside ...
tr	0	Senate increases NASA funding
tr	0	There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .
tr	0	And then wait again .
tr	0	I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional .
tr	0	And if yes , what 's the game and wager ? ? ?
tr	0	Can you imagine the life before computer .
tr	0	This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .
tr	0	We will be back again and again ! !
tr	0	I would be grateful if , next year , you could put more art exhibitions ( with more pictures ) in the program .
tr	0	Keep that in mind .
tr	0	Please let me know of your availability .
tr	0	Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston .
tr	0	Oxalic acid is two carbon dioxide molecules joined together .
tr	0	Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar .
tr	0	Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow ?
tr	0	The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .
tr	0	But my mother is a Gala .
tr	0	The Greek city-state of Athens in the 5th century BC , which was dependent on grain imports from Scythia , maintained critical alliances with cities which controlled the straits , such as the Megarian colony Byzantium .
tr	0	Ojala recommendation for second reading ( A4-0072/97 )
tr	0	does teacher 's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person ? ?
tr	0	I go shopping , watch TV , walk around the city , use my computer and get lost in Internet .
tr	0	select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER ( PROD )
tr	0	In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .
tr	0	The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice , but I was disappointed with their customer service .
tr	0	I highly recommend her .
tr	0	Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .
tr	0	During this search , Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son 's disappearance .
tr	0	She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him .
tr	0	Probably it is .
tr	0	My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny..
tr	0	There are 50 of them , 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between .
tr	0	We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .
tr	0	Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az-Zaman .
tr	0	It 's just not worth it .
tr	0	They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .
tr	0	Thank you for the amazing inform about the competition .
tr	0	Where and to whom do you want it faxed ?
tr	0	He was a blond-haired boy of five or six .
tr	0	Still the garden held its breath .
tr	0	a great vacation !
tr	0	Also , I belonged to golf club when I went to university in Japan .
tr	0	I have received your letter yesterday .
tr	0	I 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me TroubleFunk .
tr	0	Mobile phones are another thing that is making my life much easier .
tr	0	I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !
tr	0	The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .
tr	0	We sit on a stone wall over the garden and drink aquavit .
tr	0	In his self-appointed role of emperor , Norton issued numerous decrees on matters of the state .
tr	0	By the late 1990s , Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program , and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles .
tr	0	However it did at 20:15 .
tr	0	-- Angela Minkin Administrative Law Judge
tr	0	With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .
tr	0	Tired of spam ?
tr	0	Such consequences include shifting and , in some cases , contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems .
tr	0	And at last , in its curved and imperceptible fall , the sun sank low , and from glowing white changed to a dull red without rays and without heat , as if about to go out suddenly , stricken to death by the touch of that gloom brooding over a crowd of men .
tr	0	Method One of Two : Using Luminol
tr	0	Picking the best cake he was preparing to go back .
tr	0	It prove our bravura to be a man .
tr	0	Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap .
tr	0	probablyl gon na just kick it
tr	0	If Abbas keeps up this `` macho talk '' he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .
tr	0	It is all about the $ $ $ .
tr	0	We ca n't listen music at class as well .
tr	0	Further I would prefer to live in a tent at the Camp , because I am already used to that , because I often spent my holidays in tents .
tr	0	And then the woman explained that it had been lying on the street , and why not , it seemed perfectly okay .
tr	0	It is the hospitality from Tom and staff , that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .
tr	0	The result of one conditional filter does not affect the result of another .
tr	0	“ Oh ! ” says my mother .
tr	0	Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .
tr	0	Finally , I am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days .
tr	0	If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .
tr	0	About exporting to XML files
tr	0	They were laughing at the chemist as well as at the traveler .
tr	0	Absolutely my favorite store in Lawrence , KS
tr	0	It is only two or three years since I have used a computer at home , but now I wonder how I can live without it .
tr	0	I kept hoping to see more of your work .
tr	0	We 've had about 5 repairs done on 3 different laptops .
tr	0	The man seemed surprised to find a stranger standing before him .
tr	0	After , when I take my breakfast , I use my toaster for my bread and , as I want a hot milk , I use my modern oven too .
tr	0	Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .
tr	0	The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .
tr	0	She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date , to the point she said stop !
tr	0	Sometimes it finished like this that the others only said : `` Hello , how are you ? ``
tr	0	Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?
tr	0	She never looked back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute being all , these days , contagious and synonymous .
tr	0	$ 4b - Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004 .
tr	0	Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .
tr	0	He must just as well have asked for Chief Sitting Bull – the effect would have been no different .
tr	0	It 's 'gimmick ' was that you fill your bowl cafeteria-style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it .
tr	0	What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .
tr	0	The Standard Book of Spells , Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk
tr	0	Not only that , but he told us , via his manager , that it was our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continued , even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids .
tr	0	So we tried to stole adult 's panties .
tr	0	Open the page in Access 2002 Design view .
tr	0	It was exactly ten .
tr	0	Another theme of the Skylark novels involves precursors of modern information technology .
tr	0	If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels .
tr	0	No question would reveal anything independently of all the questions together --
tr	0	But two groups are in confrontation .
tr	0	This is by far the best run dealership in Miami .
tr	0	Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances .
tr	0	By setting properties from the View menu , you can enable mixed mode security .
tr	0	EY4108.H PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -2,239,879 - $ 36,398
tr	0	I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .
tr	0	The rooms are SO clean , the managers/owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .
tr	0	Just Muggle-baiting , sighed Mr Weasley .
tr	0	She going to be a mother ?
tr	0	I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast !
tr	0	Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .
tr	0	Although attrition may take place within the first few years , some studies suggest that it then appears to level off , with no further losses occurring [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] .
tr	0	The Beavertail Cactus ( Opunitia basilares ) , found primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico ; can grow to be about 24 inches ( 60 cm ) high ; has pads that look like beavertails ; and yields red or purple flowers from spring to early summer .
tr	0	There must be an internal coherence in the Commission directorate , while respecting the specific local and regional aspects of Commission programmes .
tr	0	Hunting on the High Street , or the Shopping Malls , for the desired bargain - because we cant afford otherwise to buy - becomes often a desperate atempt to reach a living promoted by the new consuming society .
tr	0	This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar , or should be .
tr	0	`` Try to touch the past .
tr	0	What if he brought the whole Lambala-speaking crowd out in a boycott , with all the old beatingsup at the polls , hut burnings – you think I would n't find myself the one to put Shinza inside , this time ?
tr	0	I would like to come next year with a great pleasure .
tr	0	Everyone , as a member of society , has the right to social security and is entitled to realization , through national effort and international co-operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State , of the economic , social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality .
tr	0	It will go for assessment .
tr	0	The majority of outfits involved at least some elements made from scratch , a fantastic display of craftsmanship .
tr	0	But there are just so many poses and programs !
tr	0	right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .
tr	0	This is all the more problematic in the case of mosquito control , given the urgency of the problem .
tr	0	Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .
tr	0	Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond !
tr	0	Book readers evidently have n't got the passionate intensity of sports fans . ''
tr	0	Daniel , he said to the boy , this is Daniel .
tr	0	All the activities indicated in your letter are great for me but I prefer tennis and surfing , because I 'm used to playing tennis during every weekends and I 'm very keen to surfing .
tr	0	Are you ready ?
tr	0	I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .
tr	0	Using the dictionary can ensure you not missing a single word .
tr	0	A ceramic bowl will work best , but plastic works too .
tr	0	Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .
tr	0	The Dow then sank to 631 in December of '70 .
tr	0	You 've just finished your long hours at work , you tide , you had row with your boss but you are still going to do shopping .
tr	0	ISLAMABAD – Last month , Oxford University 's Green Templeton College held its annual Emerging Markets Symposium at Egrove Park .
tr	0	I do recommend to pay attention to the food in the cafeteria because even though it was not the main reason of this report , they also wrote complaning about that .
tr	0	Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why ca n't you see this ?
tr	0	The show started forty-five minutes later and this really disappointed me .
tr	0	Upon the world , too .
tr	0	Before I used computers generally , It took so much time for me to looking up words in a dictionary and looking up for information .
tr	0	Data outline for Orders page
tr	0	What would a question like `` the greatest woman in the world '' reveal to you ?
tr	0	Checkout the second source .
tr	0	Early life and education
tr	0	Or I had , once .
tr	0	I Love Hellada Gallery !
tr	0	I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
tr	0	Privately as well as publicly , Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel .
tr	0	An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it .
tr	0	They finally succeeded n defeating the devils , and took back all the money and treasures .
tr	0	They said the soccer game enable them to get together and have fun .
tr	0	Or maybe something humid or heat ?
tr	0	And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”
tr	0	Here 's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward .
tr	0	should be non bondad
tr	0	He became very cool and collected all at once .
tr	0	Therefore , the Commission should address the issue once and for all .
tr	0	I would like to know which type of clothes I will wear there ,
tr	0	The fascination of the abomination – you know .
tr	0	Unfair for the girl as boys do n't have that kind of handicap , but that 's the way our own rules work .
tr	0	Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .
tr	0	It is not clear for which companies Shakespeare wrote his early plays .
tr	0	Others can ; you can not .
tr	0	Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .
tr	0	The air , the very air , is thought-nourishing in Jerusalem , the Sages themselves said so .
tr	0	The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .
tr	0	What is more appropiated ?
tr	0	This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .
tr	0	afterwards he arose and went out – and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom again .
tr	0	Topic for panel , `` PUC Priorities . ''
tr	0	Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .
tr	0	The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .
tr	0	What about Wednesday , July 12 , between 1:30 and 4:00 .
tr	0	Therefore , he can not be the author .
tr	0	They have a natural instinct to hibernate .
tr	0	He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .
tr	0	Syntethic materials have grown up and become very popular so it would keep going on .
tr	0	It was very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class would enjoy .
tr	0	They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .
tr	0	Lotte World : http : //3.bp.blogspot.com/-X_e2uwT6wPw/Tkj_7UVTw6I/AAAAAAAAAGs/e_hICAdYPYI/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
tr	0	Yeah , I see O.J . Simpson .
tr	0	The antique tiles are gorgeous .
tr	0	Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .
tr	0	$ 10.0m - negotiated rates reserve ( Reliant , Sempra , Richardson , Astr , and BP Energy ) - $ collected
tr	0	He never once contacted us .
tr	0	Fantastic professional service -
tr	0	If we 're not careful , we 'll have another Head Boy in the family .
tr	0	Of course , there are grounds for a sigh of relief .
tr	0	My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
tr	0	And I love to learn surfing and painting .
tr	0	That is because my friend uses e-mail , but my grandmother uses post service .
tr	0	The white blur of her hand moved in a gesture of rejection ...
tr	0	Thank-You for sharing your cottage !
tr	0	Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .
tr	0	The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .
tr	0	I count on my experience .
tr	0	We use a Creative Commons license to give our community the right to fork ( http : //www.wikihow.com/wikiHow : Right-to-Fork ) .
tr	0	Each time an elderly man approached , he braced himself for it to be Stillman .
tr	0	I want to go all over : ) I do n't have a set route yet .
tr	0	Cities such as Milan depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff .
tr	0	Even for those who later abstain , `` visual-spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short-term memory , are the slowest to recover . ''
tr	0	So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .
tr	0	This place is great !
tr	0	U.S. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek , single , shuttle booster rockets and the first new upper-stage rocket this country has developed in more than a decade , NASA and the Pentagon have told the White House .
tr	0	Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .
tr	0	A good cut !
tr	0	Can you send me the letter back writing what happend to you recently .
tr	0	I 'm looking forward to hear from you .
tr	0	Monday , March 5 , 2007
tr	0	I got the order completed , and then questioned the technician since it came out about $ 40 less than I expected .
tr	0	Based on questionnaires to organisers and participants , as well as discussions with stake holders , he reached the following main conclusions [ 6 ] :
tr	0	How is the wonderful life after invention the light .
tr	0	But my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on . So as soon as I could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up .
tr	0	Also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .
tr	0	Waheed Arafat Khan , 24 , London E17
tr	0	His use of the Presidency to further this agenda has in many ways been unconstitutional .
tr	0	You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada .
tr	0	She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .
tr	0	For sailing , well , I have n't try it before , that is why I want to have a try .
tr	0	That is the logic of the medal ) .
tr	0	She was a very nice person and she helped always if somebody need her help .
tr	0	The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .
tr	0	11/29/2000 05:07 PM
tr	0	Both countries have put their militaries on high levels of alert .
tr	0	Let me know if you are interested .
tr	0	I feel great in it .
tr	0	. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15-month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .
tr	0	It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,
tr	0	See Step # 2 in Method One above for directions .
tr	0	An orphaned , two-month old African elephant named Olly received an extremely uplifting Christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the International Fund for Animal Welfare and their friends 'The Bateleurs ' .
tr	0	What I try to explain is that in every book there are characters or situations really different .
tr	0	These boxes are also quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic until you move again .
tr	0	I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .
tr	0	Tuesday , January 28 , 2014
tr	0	The Sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders .
tr	0	`` What ? '' asks Winston , `` is n't there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy ? ''
tr	0	I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .
tr	0	Just at that time the manager was the only man supposed to have any right to candles .
tr	0	Competing with the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt , Balzac visited her in St.Petersburg in 1843 and impressed himself on her heart .
tr	0	Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel , visit Monaco , Nice ?
tr	0	We have two people so far , and I am able to DM ... although DM 's are welcome .
tr	0	It could be due to nausea or any number of things .
tr	0	It contributes to the world treasurehouse of literature and arouses irresistable fascination .
tr	0	already have plans on thursday .
tr	0	( Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable . )
tr	0	But for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up Carter 's Tabas operation .
tr	0	But that is precisely why we first need a clear strategy .
tr	0	jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?
tr	0	Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .
tr	0	Food was excellent .
tr	0	Love the soups .
tr	0	Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga – perhaps too much dice , you know – coming out here in the train of some prefect , or tax-gatherer , or trader even , to mend his fortunes .
tr	0	Nowadays , most product 's prices has gone up with our own country 's economy development .
tr	0	How has Katrina changed the US ?
tr	0	The death of Petronios later that year would leave Apa Horsiesios in charge , and the popular Theodorus would retreat to the distant monastery of Phnoum .
tr	0	You do n't find your size or the good color in the article .
tr	0	In this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .
tr	0	Then you wrote that it start at 19.30 but it started at 20:15 .
tr	0	Equine collages uk NEED HELP ! ! ! ?
tr	0	She is a Canadian born Vietnamese .
tr	0	But service is very poor .
tr	0	The food is terrible .
tr	0	Or more if you have drinks .
tr	0	I have a parakeet named Cookie . : P
tr	0	Furthermore , the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the summer .
tr	0	He has denied this .
tr	0	What matters is how well trained he is , and how good your bond it .
tr	0	Meanwhile , additional controls of the Nile fostered development within Gezira Island and along the city 's waterfront .
tr	0	We signed our name in about 6:00pm .
tr	0	The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under-Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .
tr	0	Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .
tr	0	If these products are in short supply or of inferior quality , that will sound the death-knell for Europe .
tr	0	I would like to know with whome I 'll share sach a wonderful days with the sport activities .
tr	0	Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .
tr	0	He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .
tr	0	The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
tr	0	Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?
tr	0	It was n't completly impossible ! ! ! !
tr	0	In the Harry Potter series written by JK Rowling the main wizarding sport is Quidditch .
tr	0	And without that it is extremely difficult to guard against clerical errors in this climate .
tr	0	Mention people you know that they do n't like .
tr	0	He is old and he wants to win this last competition between him and the nature .
tr	0	He also had bright blue eyes like Frank Sinatra did : )
tr	0	In short , China has the American economy by the throat .
tr	0	I was heartbroken.. but then realized He was not the Guy for me..
tr	0	Some thing that was also great was to watch the show from the back stage .
tr	0	and their gpa was better than mine ... .
tr	0	I am 21 , so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other !
tr	0	They are your mistakes .
tr	0	Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .
tr	0	Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US ( although LA . is about as close as you can get to a third world country ) .
tr	0	Furthermore , your theatre restaurant was closed because the employees were on the strike .
tr	0	As you asked me I will tell you about the pop concert of last month .
tr	0	EY4108.F PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 112,610 $ 110,555
tr	0	Last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson 's two-decades old conviction .
tr	0	Thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to visit Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .
tr	0	Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park 's northern range before the wolves returned , now there are nine .
tr	0	I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .
tr	0	Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .
tr	0	I asked which of the two attitudes would prevail in twentieth-century France the century of the Dreyfus affair and of the Vichy government .
tr	0	But I am a student and I know that I can get tickets with the discount .
tr	0	It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .
tr	0	Located on the site of a 10th century mosque .
tr	0	In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .
tr	0	Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .
tr	0	“ No thanks to you ! ” came the little voice .
tr	0	The Saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .
tr	0	It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .
tr	0	In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a 'fascist ' , 'Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a 'thug ' .
tr	0	Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
tr	0	also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .
tr	0	Eat at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurant .
tr	0	Even partition is not a possibility , there are no clear borders between the two .
tr	0	he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .
tr	0	All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .
tr	0	I have always wanted to spend my holidays in tent but my father has never given me the permission , and this would be an ideal opportunity for me to learn about camp life .
tr	0	At the rest of time , you can go to IT suit use Internet .
tr	0	are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
tr	0	WHEN : Today at 5pm
tr	0	i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .
tr	0	Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
tr	0	Could you tell me something about clothes and money which is I need to take with me .
tr	0	Air Chathams fly 5 days per week , from either Christchurch , Auckland or Wellington and , seasonally , from Napier .
tr	0	`` I need to pay for a damaged book , '' she said .
tr	0	He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .
tr	0	-- but I have a chart that I 'll go through ; the MMPI .
tr	0	Lorie Leigh @ ECT
tr	0	You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .
tr	0	How much money I can spent during this time ?
tr	0	Users can also filter , sort , and group data .
tr	0	( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .
tr	0	Directive 2005/32/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 July 2005 establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for energy-using products and amending Council Directive 92/42/EEC and Directives 96/57/EC and 2000/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council .
tr	0	Personally I do n't like dealing with shop assistants and looking around the shops , so I buy all what I can using `` on-line `` services .
tr	0	Also depends on the space you have , how much time you can handle the pet , how much money you can spend , etc .
tr	0	I am only familiar with Morton 's and Ruth Chris .
tr	0	Please let me know if there are any changes to this list .
tr	0	The cabins have always been clean .
tr	0	The most well known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism , a condition characterised by severe brain damage occurring in very early life .
tr	0	I felt like a dumb , and all the people felt like me .
tr	0	But it is now official .
tr	0	They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .
tr	0	His chief work is Hydrodynamica , published in 1738 ;
tr	0	I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc . that this would compensate for my disability .
tr	0	I don know exactly what is California 's weather lime .
tr	0	In my eyes they are wasting their lifes , they are hopeless .
tr	0	Do not use these guys .
tr	0	The company has developed an entirely new category of products .
tr	0	Over the past decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .
tr	0	How do people subscribe to my updates ?
tr	0	Since everyone can afford modern technology the life of everyone in the more developed countries has changed completly .
tr	0	Example of aerated concrete , which provided a home for the subjects .
tr	0	This piecemeal style is reflective of the author 's own life , a possible attempt to stabilize it through fiction .
tr	0	The scheme makes money through sponsorship and advertising .
tr	0	I should like to address one final point .
tr	0	I 'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it .
tr	0	And because of the time that the show started I could n't went to the theatre restaurant because it was closed .
tr	0	`` A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . ''
tr	0	And at last , the most disappointing point , the advertisement again said that there would be Danny Brook , my favorite actor , but there was someone else instead of him .
tr	0	Once again , this phenomenon has the effect of making peer-reviewed journals appear less legitimate .
tr	0	I 've booked Videoconference Room # 1 .
tr	0	It creates headlines .
tr	0	A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
tr	0	Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .
tr	0	They helped about three other people before they offered to help me again .
tr	0	Hello my name is Vera and I 'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue , WA . and in Renton WA .
tr	0	- of benefice and each us take 400 .
tr	0	The newspaper `` Die ZEIT '' first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July .
tr	0	ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentines day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of theguys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guys help what shoul i do ?
tr	0	1561 Ruy Lopez proposes the 50-move rule to claim a draw .
tr	0	i would like more bands like them pleasseee
tr	0	Of course these gadgets will do our hard houseworks but otherwise we will get lazy , we will lose our abilities that we have now .
tr	0	Rathbun asserted that Scientology officials , `` ... plied the Sheriff 's detective with a grand conspiracy theory , characterizing me as the 'anti-christ ' of the church of Scientology . ... The next thing Daniel knows he 's in a cell where he sat for the next 30 hours . ''
tr	0	Katiforis report ( A4-0090/99 )
tr	0	She was the first woman to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize , in 2004 .
tr	0	I thought of the idea of telling our parents that we had a camping with the school .
tr	0	As a steady wind begins to blow , fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate .
tr	0	The issue is the financing of EU enlargement .
tr	0	Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
tr	0	This is the most argueing point .
tr	0	Moving a field whose parent is a custom group field
tr	0	I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect .
tr	0	What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants ?
tr	0	Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an administrator and government agent .
tr	0	If you HAVE a cat of course .
tr	0	National reaction to the events in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become .
tr	0	The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ... ... And ... ... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .
tr	0	That might be a secret for Francis - and they decided the program and the present , a new gold watch .
tr	0	Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground ?
tr	0	In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .
tr	0	How long does it take to train new people at work ?
tr	0	The Orange County Register
tr	0	By using internet we could make new pen friends oversea , creat club , sociatys .
tr	0	I went near the house and waited to look what it would happen .
tr	0	yeah , i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald 's .
tr	0	It will stay in the Central Exhibition Hall in London .
tr	0	A narrow and deserted street in deep shadow , high houses , innumerable windows with venetian blinds , a dead silence , grass sprouting between the stones , imposing carriage archways right and left , immense double doors standing ponderously ajar .
tr	0	Fascinating viewpoint of the future in Epic .
tr	0	I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .
tr	0	After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda .
tr	0	He stood before Rachel in his plain white underwear and white socks , gazing at her as if she were a mirror .
tr	0	Margaritas are alright .
tr	0	Know your limits , and do not drink to the extent of intoxication .
tr	0	Everyone but Bet .
tr	0	It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .
tr	0	Another thing is that I took a particular amount of money to buy a tickets and when I apeared infrant of casses I found out that the cost of tickets on your advertisement and real price was n't the same , real price was much higher .
tr	0	03/01/2001 01:35 PM
tr	0	He was very sorry that he had not want to come and arrived quite soon then .
tr	0	Approx 4 months later , the compressor went out .
tr	0	Important Kos Diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :
tr	0	Especially , students are free !
tr	0	She did n't learn a lot but she knew all important things .
tr	0	Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mecanic ingenier and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mecanic ingenier It lets us specify our abilities in the part of mecanics that we prefer .
tr	0	it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .
tr	0	The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value .
tr	0	She has the most extraordinary contacts , that girl .
tr	0	In the meantime , I should like to observe a minute 's silence , as a number of Members have requested , on behalf of all the victims concerned , particularly those of the terrible storms , in the various countries of the European Union .
tr	0	what happened to you ?
tr	0	Fragments of letters from her , copied by Galois himself ( with many portions , such as her name , either obliterated or deliberately omitted ) , are available . [ 19 ]
tr	0	We were enjoying at home celebrating her birthday .
tr	0	Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program 's goals
tr	0	GREAT JOB GUYS !
tr	0	And yet , he was too weak to resist the rats , coming from everywhere and eating his face , his legs and his arms , waiting with great impatience for his death .
tr	0	I received your letter and I 'm pleased to answer your questions .
tr	0	You can even offer your own opinions and suggestions .
tr	0	`` The aristocracy and authority of talent are more substantial than the aristocracy of names and material power '' , he wrote in 1830 .
tr	0	I think also housewifes will receive more help with a robotor in the household .
tr	0	Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .
tr	0	Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .
tr	0	You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .
tr	0	So if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages .
tr	0	There 's holes everywhere in the ceiling , sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling , and the whole condition of the school is horrible .
tr	0	He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .
tr	0	I am writing in order to exprime my disappointment at the show `` Over The Rainbow `` performed 2 weeks ago ; first of all , I read on the advertisement that Danny Brook was to act in the show , but the actor that really played was different , and this was very disappointing .
tr	0	Full interview with Kristin Wilkins , curator of the exhibition at the University of Southern Indiana .
tr	0	Apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between Sector-37 crossing and Pari Chowk .
tr	0	But I 'm not a detective .
tr	0	He said to Adamson Mweta before they parted the next day , Olivia wo n't be able to come out to Independence , unfortunately ... our elder daughter 's expecting a child just round about that time .
tr	0	In Microsoft Access 2000 using ADOX , you could programmatically create queries that used ANSI-92 SQL syntax .
tr	0	I want you to give me a complete refound .
tr	0	You can also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see .
tr	0	I am sending you a letter from their atty .
tr	0	I saw the pink colored snow there .
tr	0	this is the worst Sams club I 've ever been to
tr	0	Time : 11:00 a.m. ( CDT )
tr	0	Maybe she meant if she made herself .
tr	0	And I was wondering how much money do I have to take ?
tr	0	I have too many commitments right now .
tr	0	In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet 's that expressed their sympathy , this hotel did nothing .
tr	0	If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional .
tr	0	It is very difficult to decide which two of these activities I like and I can also do the best .
tr	0	It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .
tr	0	yes there are multiple around the world cruises , mainly offered by the more upscale lines .
tr	0	`` I study history in school , '' I said .
tr	0	Posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .
tr	0	Finally at your last day I propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
tr	0	Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff ?
tr	0	Moving fields to the filter area
tr	0	Event this year some halls , which I had visited were overcrowded and there were some problems with ventilation during some shows
tr	0	Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
tr	0	Have my glass , she said , as there were no spare ones to go round .
tr	0	Although it had a prestigious past , the city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries , leaving behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .
tr	0	I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .
tr	0	I knew how that felt .
tr	0	Later they kept the same name for the company .
tr	0	`` Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street '' — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
tr	0	great , we look forward to seeing you .
tr	0	The employees at this Sear 's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .
tr	0	He immediately said `` no , there is a $ 50 deposit now ! ''
tr	0	Although this situation might not very difficult or important for anybody else , it is for this old man and I found it very exciting to follow this story until it 's quiet , sad end .
tr	0	Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
tr	0	Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .
tr	0	Due to that , the religion was relatively secretive .
tr	0	RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?
tr	0	I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .
tr	0	Specially because there is n't just one story , but a whole lot of them .
tr	0	In doing so , the US could draw support from exports , especially to a rebalanced China – currently its third-largest and fastest-growing major export market .
tr	0	Only a handful of them ( earldoms ) had existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic .
tr	0	“ I want you to stay at home , then , ” she says .
tr	0	6 . Limitation on Liability .
tr	0	I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .
tr	0	Let me know if you are interested .
tr	0	It rained and people felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors .
tr	0	I would like that you give me back some money of the tickets .
tr	0	I use their limo services for all of my airport car services and airport transportation needs
tr	0	I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .
tr	0	I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil .
tr	0	Sand Hill park was a great beach ...
tr	0	So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .
tr	0	It looks like the future of space exploration might as well be with the space tourists .
tr	0	Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking , which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .
tr	0	When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .
tr	0	I 've got some friends at Duke and Dynegy from B-school , the Gianoucous ( spelling ? ? ) brothers ( John and Dimitri ? from elementary school ) started their own outfit a while back , and my old man is at Schlumberger and has good contacts in general ( if you are n't married to a trading environment ) .
tr	0	I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away .
tr	0	The two main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid rise in resources devoted to asset management ( associated , not coincidentally , with the exponential growth in financial-sector incomes ) .
tr	0	The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .
tr	0	Vico says that progress gives up when Man have noticed that he have been wasting those values .
tr	0	The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see indications to follow .
tr	0	Stepping out , I feel a bit numb , like a wasp in autumn .
tr	0	I want to do this two activities while I am at the camp : Sailing and photography .
tr	0	Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements .
tr	0	I 'll be in tomorrow .
tr	0	Unfortunately , I will be in Plano that weekend .
tr	0	Armed clashes broke out in several northern Iraqi cities on Wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in Mosul , Baiji , and Tuz .
tr	0	To a certain extent , this reminds me of my previous activity in the Committee on Budgets and in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
tr	0	Human being became more and more clever and built wonerful things thanks to his thoughts and his hands .
tr	0	Nice people ... I hear .
tr	0	Well , it all begun when Pat 's friend , Molly , went down to London ...
tr	0	Cause that 's one of our problems really , to compete .
tr	0	A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .
tr	0	It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .
tr	0	My name is Alida Fanetti , and I 'm writing you about the musical show which I saw during my stay in London recently .
tr	0	Attack on Iran : A Looming Folly
tr	0	The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .
tr	0	And the best way to get from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they are all strangers here .
tr	0	A barn owl is the best .
tr	0	She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .
tr	0	she was eighteen at the time of the wedding , and Bernard-François fifty .
tr	0	i have stronger will than you think .
tr	0	I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .
tr	0	I send you some photographs of me with the band .
tr	0	Mr. Villega is an exceptional California criminal defense lawyer .
tr	0	I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .
tr	0	Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
tr	0	remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
tr	0	Teco Tap 85.000 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
tr	0	We have used them for plumbing & A/C and they are affordable and get the work done right .
tr	0	at the Silver Rhino , of course , you remember the place .
tr	0	This terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks .
tr	0	She perks up the way Shelby , our Shetland Sheepdog does , when you say ‘ treat . ’
tr	0	You 'll understand , I 'm sure , that I prefer shopping at the beginning of every month .
tr	0	Harry listened anxiously , but there was no sound from the Dursleys bedroom .
tr	0	You will find these helpful in writing a new slogan .
tr	0	There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .
tr	0	Bad food and bad service !
tr	0	These look fine to me .
tr	0	It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .
tr	0	Tiffany is fabulous !
tr	0	At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .
tr	0	I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .
tr	0	If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
tr	0	Just making up examples , but if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10-15 eggs a day .
tr	0	Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .
tr	0	I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .
tr	0	Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...
tr	0	Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , because one day when Maria , her sister , was walking to the school , a car stopped at her and a man said `` I know who is your love , it 's Peter `` .
tr	0	Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic , and he does lots of charity , thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife 's life because of his Satanism and involvement in black magic .
tr	0	Thursday , February 23 , 2006
tr	0	03/10/2000 04:28 PM
tr	0	These Hasidim choose not to know .
tr	0	Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days .
tr	0	He took Swahili lessons conscientiously and he certainly spoke it better than I did .
tr	0	They were just playing and be acsident , Peter shoot him .
tr	0	You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .
tr	0	Email : `` The Cat Album '' < thecatal ... @ hotmail.com >
tr	0	He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .
tr	0	If that failed , she and Peter could move .
tr	0	I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .
tr	0	Hoping that I did not offend you in any ways and that you might take in consideration my suggestion , I wish you all the best for next year 's festival organisation .
tr	0	I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .
tr	0	I went out for shopping and to get some ideas about new brand computers and products .
tr	0	If a telephone have n't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
tr	0	And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .
tr	0	I do n't know how much it will help however .
tr	0	Although these new rockets are probably more expensive , they will be able to go at a much greater range than it 's shuttle cousins , as they can not only break free from the atmosphere but reach the moon as well .
tr	0	Second , I prefer to stay a log cabin .
tr	0	You 're an idiot .
tr	0	I hope you will give me back the prize of my ticket !
tr	0	When you 're shopping , you can finally relax , just admiring what you 're seeing .
tr	0	11/14/2000 11:37 AM
tr	0	You misunderstood him yesterday .
tr	0	As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .
tr	0	He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .
tr	0	Queso should not be watery : ( ... ..
tr	0	We are young and we all are interested in fashion .
tr	0	I am very glad to know to have won the first prize !
tr	0	They will , however , cost a bunch .
tr	0	But his nose moved quickly when police showed a picture of bank robbers .
tr	0	But this is what he says about civet cats :
tr	0	We do need a formal plan .
tr	0	Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?
tr	0	Poor bloody Dando .
tr	0	I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt/record of my purchase .
tr	0	okay ... . I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .
tr	0	PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions .
tr	0	Place : University of Pennsylvania
tr	0	Friendliest place I have ever stayed !
tr	0	Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .
tr	0	EY4106.6 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -1,993,045 - $ 32,387
tr	0	Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .
tr	0	Rusted out and unsafe cars sold here !
tr	0	Use our `` Like '' button to increase the influence of your advert .
tr	0	So Bush stopped flying .
tr	0	For me as an scientist it 's a main problem to show how the inovations of the last century goes up with the environment and natur .
tr	0	I thought it unusual and , frankly , inappropriate .
tr	0	I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .
tr	0	Before the concert actually started I had to give out lots of leaflets ,
tr	0	`` They 're so lively , so childlike . ''
tr	0	Flag a sentry .
tr	0	Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm .
tr	0	Germany ought to play the same role today as the US did then .
tr	0	Pages that connect to a common data source can share a single connection file .
tr	0	It is like a mini tablet itself !
tr	0	Image : Nick Moreau .
tr	0	Everything was completely different from what you had announced on the advertisement
tr	0	The other thing I do n't like going shopping is in the weekend .
tr	0	Whereas the peoples of the United Nations have in the Charter reaffirmed their faith in fundamental human rights , in the dignity and worth of the human person and in the equal rights of men and women and have determined to promote social progress and better standards of life in larger freedom ;
tr	0	In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help , she assumed , this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors : Tosui Nakarai .
tr	0	Madam President , first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has , at its heart , the issue of transport safety .
tr	0	Too right you will , said Uncle Vernon forcefully .
tr	0	For more information , see MSDN Online .
tr	0	Job Group : Specialist
tr	0	Thank you , Bowtie !
tr	0	Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength .
tr	0	Dobby bowed his head .
tr	0	I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .
tr	0	Elements do not overlap .
tr	0	I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .
tr	0	`` I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living '' , said Gustafon .
tr	0	No , I 'm only a daughter of the technology .
tr	0	Second baseman / Shortstop / Outfielder
tr	0	Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000-2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :
tr	0	Choose great material .
tr	0	China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .
tr	0	Every doctor should be – a little , answered that original , imperturbably .
tr	0	Just received from your flower store .
tr	0	not always , in fact , money and celebrity being happiness .
tr	0	I am just a satisfied customer .
tr	0	We took our cat Mitten camping .
tr	0	Some countries like Malaysia and Singapore promote trading for foreign visitors during some part of the year .
tr	0	I wonder if you 've had any trouble with your phone lately .
tr	0	What clothes should I taken ?
tr	0	However your decision in changing a little bit our programme ,
tr	0	Are you intending to go there yourself ?
tr	0	Not only did it taste wonderful , but the texture was unbelievable , the frosting was n't overly sweet to over power the cake , and the cake itself was just amazingly soft , and fluffy , and just perfect overall .
tr	0	The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .
tr	0	Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig , who seemed to have realised how important this was and kept still and silent .
tr	0	The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries , including France , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .
tr	0	The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack , experts said .
tr	0	Her voice was listless in the dark and she was even harder to understand when I could n't see her properly .
tr	0	Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?
tr	0	Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .
tr	0	Places Rated Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas .
tr	0	While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .
tr	0	He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .
tr	0	They perpetrated such reckless action as firing 36 shells at KPA civil police posts under the absurd pretext that the KPA fired one shell at the south side .
tr	0	Three Methods : Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and Using Basil
tr	0	At the concert night , I worked as well .
tr	0	It acts queerly on my nerves ( through the feet , as it were ) , because I feel that a good part of this dust must be ground out of human bone .
tr	0	We ’ ll attack People Magazine ’ s coverage of Britney as much as Britney .
tr	0	Blimey , I 'm tired , yawned Fred , setting down his knife and fork at last .
tr	0	No spraying of pesticides !
tr	0	First of all , I would like to express my joy for having won that prize .
tr	0	He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .
tr	0	Do n't use your hands -- use a metal or plastic utensil of some sort .
tr	0	[ Am at a conference and ca n't blog much right now but will try to catch up the next couple of days . ]
tr	0	She was just down here too .
tr	0	And we fell onto the deck like fish bursting from a net .
tr	0	`` I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as `` good news , '' Gore said .
tr	0	Shazad Khuram Ali , 27 , High Wycombe
tr	0	-- - The Art of Calligraphy in Modern China ( British Museum Press , 2002 )
tr	0	Then Harry realised that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards , all wearing bright orange robes , carrying broomsticks , and waving energetically .
tr	0	Have a great day .
tr	0	It 's a move that really worries me ; Buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .
tr	0	Then she lets go and falls .
tr	0	Do you recognize the name of Einstein ? ''
tr	0	I must admit that I am able to do whatever I want , such as inviting friends , watching TV until midnight and so on .
tr	0	It was a brightly lit yet dreary place , with a large rack of girlie magazines on one wall , an area for stationery supplies , another area for newspapers , several tables for patrons , and a long Formica counter with swivel stools .
tr	0	I would be gladly to get an answer from you .
tr	0	The mere wealth I leave to others .
tr	0	Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .
tr	0	Or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement .
tr	0	Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .
tr	0	A different actor acted in stead of him .
tr	0	– 'you must , ' he said in agitation , 'go and see the general manager at once .
tr	0	This way , you always know who you 're connecting with .
tr	0	One of my favourite books , said Quinn .
tr	0	One twelfth of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each month in the corresponding year .
tr	0	Feeling jumpy , Harry set off , trying to hold his glasses on straight and hoping against hope he 'd be able to find a way out of there .
tr	0	And the murderer , speaking to one of the geniuses of the nineteenth century , answers , `` Because you are so simple that one can not help feeling sorry for you . ''
tr	0	NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .
tr	0	Turn up your sound a bit .
tr	0	In conclusion , besides all mentioned , I highly recommond you video students ' daily life and interview them .
tr	0	First , we could film fluid mecanics lessons and general mecanics lessons .
tr	0	no pet is really easy to take care of .
tr	0	Favorite DD spot in the area !
tr	0	Considering at the design stage a product 's environmental impact throughout its whole life cycle has a high potential to facilitate environmental improvement in a cost-effective way .
tr	0	Good , friendly , reasonable service
tr	0	Immobile among the moving crowd , he stood there and watched .
tr	0	I payed the same as who bought the tickets ten minutes before the theatre .
tr	0	Why medias are so interesting in famous people ?
tr	0	With girls laid on .
tr	0	You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .
tr	0	You would think they were praying to it .
tr	0	But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .
tr	0	Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?
tr	0	But at the other end of the scale we 've got to make sure the people who eat a lot of food - we all know the teenage boy who comes home from school and eats a whole loaf of bread - that those people do n't get too much and get overdose , '' Ms Bauchtman said .
tr	0	Do you argue with your alarm clock ?
tr	0	On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ... .
tr	0	Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .
tr	0	It ’ s best to wash adults ’ overalls alone , especially men ’ s .
tr	0	I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .
tr	0	Although I am thankful to modern technology !
tr	0	The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .
tr	0	Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments .
tr	0	actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
tr	0	After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .
tr	0	The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well-documented fragilities .
tr	0	They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .
tr	0	( I 've been through at least 5 places already . )
tr	0	The bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .
tr	0	As of the last advisory , T C Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland , headed on a northwest track .
tr	0	I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .
tr	0	Higher male secondary school enrollment , per capita income and economic growth rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war .
tr	0	Also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on Friday 's call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Melissa Lloyd ?
tr	0	We were walking on eggshells .
tr	0	He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business .
tr	0	Try the `` white rice '' option if your rice cooker gives you several options .
tr	0	1381 W. Hubbard
tr	0	With President Karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan , there is now little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures if they return home .
tr	0	excellent , top guys a+++++ reccommend to anyone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	0	How many days will speed post take to reach from Delhi to Mumbai ?
tr	0	i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
tr	0	We have an understanding based upon having the same writers in the back room for years , and those writers training the new writers as they come in .
tr	0	President Vladimir Putin said Russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have .
tr	0	We know all what shopping is .
tr	0	you need to learn about white balance , composition , angle , and work on using the camera properly ...
tr	0	What are the better clothes to use at the camp ?
tr	0	Everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes ,
tr	0	We look forward to seeing you soon .
tr	0	Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .
tr	0	No , but he 'd already mentioned it yesterday , is n't that so ?
tr	0	Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION extending to the non-participating Member States the application of Council Decision amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the `` Pericles '' programme ) .
tr	0	They can do tricks and they arent messy .
tr	0	Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
tr	0	Dorothy Clough sat forward in her chair , as if she had alighted only for a moment .
tr	0	He did n't want to say what Sarah just had told him , it just came over his mouth , when he talked to James .
tr	0	Pedicures are also great .
tr	0	This way , he can not reach the leash to chew it .
tr	0	Marlow sat cross-legged right aft , leaning against the mizzen-mast .
tr	0	grey shirt `` mark '' of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing ... ..
tr	0	and then went away without listening the answer .
tr	0	Video games , movies , and more
tr	0	About filtering data in PivotTable view
tr	0	`` Oh shit , '' Pag panted .
tr	0	I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .
tr	0	I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .
tr	0	`` Balzac often fell ill , finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a `` sort of a coma '' .
tr	0	In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year .
tr	0	Considering the islands ' huge strategic importance , it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been .
tr	0	Miami 's best tutoring service !
tr	0	China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .
tr	0	then let her out for ten minutes .
tr	0	What would n't he give now for a message from Hogwarts ?
tr	0	One Huge Opportunity .
tr	0	If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .
tr	0	Another thing that made me angry was that I could n't have a discount .
tr	0	This is authentic Cuban cuisine ; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly .
tr	0	The grand speeches in Titus Andronicus , in the view of some critics , often hold up the action , for example ;
tr	0	In conclusion , in the whole the Festival was a success , but these suggestions can maybe help you to improve .
tr	0	The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .
tr	0	Despite the huge facilities technology has affected our lives negatively .
tr	0	But , afterwards , the life 's rule is MORS TUA VITA MEA and that 's the most difficulty to face to .
tr	0	There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff exchanges and specific training , including case studies .
tr	0	Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a vessel of ritual .
tr	0	The default view – the view in which the object is open when you carry out the Save As command – determines the design of the data access page .
tr	0	Labor actions as a revival of the Left
tr	0	As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .
tr	0	I am writing to you because I am really dissapointed bout `` Over the Rainbow `` which I saw the other day in my stay in London which your company organized .
tr	0	It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .
tr	0	Make a mold .
tr	0	I usually spend my time on playing computer about three hours a day .
tr	0	Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?
tr	0	But the question is : Why shopping is not always enjoyable ?
tr	0	Does anybody use it for anything else ?
tr	0	Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song `` Stephen '' together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .
tr	0	2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher .
tr	0	De Gaulle had instructed that there be no excessive displays of public affection towards Churchill and no official awards without his prior agreement .
tr	0	We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages ( like the homepage ) .
tr	0	Bos obtained his doctorate from the University of Copenhagen .
tr	0	Location : 50th Floor Boardroom
tr	0	Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .
tr	0	Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .
tr	0	They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .
tr	0	One study found that in 2009 , across a variety of industries in the US , intellectual capital – patents , copyrights , databases , brands , and organizational knowledge – held a 44 % share of firms ' overall market value .
tr	0	Scientists analyse effects of global warming , atmospheric ozone on crops
tr	0	Should have done research before you left .
tr	0	One example is we ran an article a couple of years back that was , `` No Jennifer Lopez News Today '' .
tr	0	There is nothing phony , however , about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend our country and our democracy .
tr	0	The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .
tr	0	Machines , such as a dish washer , laundry machine and remote controller help us jut to relax or do a little work necessary .
tr	0	Thank you though .
tr	0	Any time would be great .
tr	0	By the late 1980s and early 1990s , the city 's reality led to a rude awakening among local and national officials and , coupled with the country 's new found remarkable prosperity , large scale projects began to slowly regenerate the city and undo some of the damages of recent decades .
tr	0	I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way , it wont work .
tr	0	Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund , telling me to invest in Home Depot , Sun , and Coke , or trying to pass off their banks ' biased research reports as something valuable .
tr	0	It 's worth a look .
tr	0	He seemed neither happy nor sad .
tr	0	This transmittal and/or attachments may be a confidential attorney-client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .
tr	0	So I decided to sell eHow and use the proceeds to build wikiHow .
tr	0	This will make a familiar joke unrecognizable .
tr	0	Getting the Delivery Right
tr	0	The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited .
tr	0	I 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . : )
tr	0	This has led to the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits .
tr	0	All had turned over in the barrel of the world and steadied itself again .
tr	0	`` Hoping that the # istandwithahmed movement translates into a substantive national conversation on race , punishment , and incarceration . ''
tr	0	For me modern technology are things like personal computers , mobile phones , keyboards , video recorders , Hifi sound systems , television or even cars .
tr	0	Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .
tr	0	Molly 's frantic – she 's coming now .
tr	0	Probably , you will agree just to put London Fashion and Leisure Show instead of Science Museum and shopping on Tuesday .
tr	0	Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”
tr	0	Yet some Frontiers journals appear to have engaged in bad behavior , whether for profit or for some other motive .
tr	0	I could spend a year in Spain alone .
tr	0	Despite Sept. 11 , the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
tr	0	But we do n't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT .
tr	0	They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .
tr	0	Gordon assumed the additional Christian name of Leopold when confirmed as a Roman Catholic shortly before his death .
tr	0	When I was quite young I was interested in psychoanalysis and in dreams .
tr	0	I do n't have any material .
tr	0	After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .
tr	0	it 's no good running to the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town , for instance ...
tr	0	Here are the dates :
tr	0	The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .
tr	0	I know you want to learn what I did and how I helped people at the pop concert last month .
tr	0	The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to `` the first son of her body '' .
tr	0	What influenced Picasso 's cubism style of painting ?
tr	0	Many people still believe that to be true , even though the Ministry of Russian Federation on Civil Defence , Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters ( EMERCOM of Russia ) reported this in 1996 :
tr	0	He could n't say how long it had been .
tr	0	Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .
tr	0	Ibrahim Savant , 26 , London E17
tr	0	I was so dissapointted with that .
tr	0	If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .
tr	0	This is a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time .
tr	0	- ENRON.XLS < < File : ENRON.XLS > >
tr	0	He went out in the evenings and had a good time .
tr	0	Internet Department is rude and insulting
tr	0	Vangie McGilloway Constellation Power Source , Inc. ( `` CPS '' ) 111 Market Place Ste 500 Baltimore , MD 21202 Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email vangie.mcgilloway @ powersrc.com
tr	0	Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
tr	0	Details on licensing and functionality
tr	0	There 's also a Miramar in California , the site of a rather large Air Force Base ...
tr	0	Rise to Rebellion .
tr	0	There were other faces from the past ;
tr	0	`` What a man he would have been had he known how to write !
tr	0	I prefer staying in tents to log cabins because I have really been interested in making tents and staying there .
tr	0	2 . Bill Gates , CEO , Microsoft
tr	0	Shakespeare 's works include the 36 plays printed in the First Folio of 1623 , listed below according to their Folio classification as comedies , histories and tragedies .
tr	0	The choice is all yours .
tr	0	I want to go travelling .
tr	0	Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .
tr	0	Atal Pharmacy , Karol Bag .
tr	0	She did n't sleep , I do n't think .
tr	0	2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their health insurance during Bush 's first year in office .
tr	0	Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals .
tr	0	This prevents you from getting into the `` procrastination zone . ''
tr	0	Certain elements of the travelling community engage in this activity , but overall no not really .
tr	0	Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .
tr	0	In the church are many expensive draws .
tr	0	Go with the S100 .
tr	0	At this moment I did n't like my position .
tr	0	You may need to play it cool and curb your spending .
tr	0	The future is a hope and a dream for everyone in the earth .
tr	0	Whether you are a working man or just a little cutie trying to stay cute , those overalls are going to need washing sooner or later .
tr	0	We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .
tr	0	They have one crack at redemption , beating England .
tr	0	THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL ! ! ! ! !
tr	0	The results of the February 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487MMBTU .
tr	0	i flew here last night .
tr	0	It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .
tr	0	What is okay ?
tr	0	If you know or work there could you enlighten me ?
tr	0	We have had a quite pleasant time except the evening .
tr	0	WE AT HOME LOVE IT AT $ 80+++
tr	0	Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate .
tr	0	It would be better if people have had the possibility to let their cars very near to the Festival during the week-end !
tr	0	Email : `` engin i. erdem '' < erdemen ... @ gmail.com >
tr	0	In this domain , you have to afford everyday the development of new technology .
tr	0	Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work .
tr	0	Even the IP and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are American soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen ?
tr	0	Your love life is full , and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the background .
tr	0	If you would give me some of my money back that would be a great excuse for the loss of time and my dissopointness .
tr	0	That is the problem : you can not comment on things that you have not read .
tr	0	Practicing your joke is crucial .
tr	0	I must confess I do n't remember you .
tr	0	The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .
tr	0	And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .
tr	0	Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .
tr	0	The expression sounded wonderfully odd , with its suggestion of sedentary desk-life .
tr	0	This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .
tr	0	`` We 've got to go out of our way to Rome for more of their special meals . ''
tr	0	Too much water might cause rot .
tr	0	As an islander , however , I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition of island development .
tr	0	That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery , at his father 's urging . . .
tr	0	His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .
tr	0	I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .
tr	0	During my 2 week 's holiday I would like to attend a musical show .
tr	0	are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?
tr	0	For $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .
tr	0	Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and so his hole schoole knew from Sara 's experience .
tr	0	I mean , I do n't care if he does n't know , but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face , there 's no way I 'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
tr	0	Thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference .
tr	0	She is no-nonsense .
tr	0	Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl ... ... .
tr	0	Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field .
tr	0	Everyone has the right to rest and leisure , including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay .
tr	0	With the help of some modern technology our daily life would not so difficult .
tr	0	Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .
tr	0	i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .
tr	0	I really like staying in tents .
tr	0	On the internet site of Monotheism and Holy War ( al-Tawhid wa al-Jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , `` We announce that the Tawhid and Jihad Group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen Osama bin Laden . ''
tr	0	The orders given by these young gentile uniformed females are nothing to them .
tr	0	He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .
tr	0	The rules must be respect for all people if you do n't want get out from scholl .
tr	0	I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .
tr	0	Drs . Ali work wonders .
tr	0	However , outside Paris everybody is wonderful .
tr	0	Nowadays shopping is one of the activities that makes our society lives .
tr	0	I loaded ferry boats in Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground Zero .
tr	0	Is it safe to go to Rotarua , since the earthquakes ?
tr	0	Silent , I give his case some thought .
tr	0	Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President Sean Mills .
tr	0	I am curious about the population structure of the `` fields '' of anemones -
tr	0	Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .
tr	0	The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .
tr	0	Either option should take you directly to Enron 's United Way 2000 Campaign site .
tr	0	There are flights from Sana ' a via Al Mukalla .
tr	0	For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e-mail .
tr	0	My 8 year old daughter loves this place .
tr	0	There were plenty of internal speakers requested , as well .
tr	0	As we go up into the Via Dolorosa , we hear an exciting jingle .
tr	0	Now that Michelle is in your fold , do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this ?
tr	0	In fact you can take the bus number 3 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand .
tr	0	Then , as you work through your day , check off each of the items on your list .
tr	0	Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can 'read thoughts ' by helping to anticipate drivers ' actions .
tr	0	Dr Joseph retired .
tr	0	I 'm going on a trip to Europe soon , and I need to find a good , quality raincoat .
tr	0	Of course , my mind is not all it should be .
tr	0	That is an utterly ridiculous assumption .
tr	0	PG & E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism ( CPIM ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event .
tr	0	How to Hypnotize a Chicken
tr	0	They hurried through the garden and back into the house .
tr	0	The people rejected their attempt to topple the government , and for all intents and purposes the US military ( and the ARVN ) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
tr	0	This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
tr	0	And their breakfast is awesome ! !
tr	0	I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .
tr	0	Why did you put into the advertisement ' Discounts Available ' ?
tr	0	Keep a notebook by hand before you start your workday .
tr	0	My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .
tr	0	Such ignorance was refreshing .
tr	0	The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night .
tr	0	Early life and academic career
tr	0	I am really surprised about the free journey to California , because I 've never ever won anything before .
tr	0	Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
tr	0	Its light was dim , and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the middle .
tr	0	The so called 'Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .
tr	0	It 's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk free , there are no teatchers ,
tr	0	Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
tr	0	I have lots of memory which I could never forget .
tr	0	“ Robert , ” Mom says ,
tr	0	It is difficult to say how good I can sing but I really like it and I think I am not too bad .
tr	0	During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .
tr	0	Upon which safeguards are we insisting ?
tr	0	When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .
tr	0	After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .
tr	0	Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .
tr	0	When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .
tr	0	Liberty construction shows up and it 's two guys ... all I get is 100 % sales pitch `` We 're the best ... we 're number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we 're great '' .
tr	0	I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .
tr	0	To them they are merely attendants , exotic bediener , all but bodyless .
tr	0	They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why ! ! !
tr	0	I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI ( based in London ) .
tr	0	She said it is getting better .
tr	0	This is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face .
tr	0	Down to earth and fast service .
tr	0	I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get .
tr	0	If you are not the intended recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately .
tr	0	Come and have a drink with James ...
tr	0	how has ur experience with it ?
tr	0	She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...
tr	0	Plus the drinks are self service , have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee , juice or water .
tr	0	This led to further dilapidation of the investment-starved city , and many of its streets and buildings show profound signs of neglect .
tr	0	It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda .
tr	0	TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you .
tr	0	I think it is great and I want to try it .
tr	0	We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done !
tr	0	Do n't be too sappy .
tr	0	are my two cats fighting or playing ?
tr	0	[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
tr	0	There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon 's voice .
tr	0	i 'd prefer take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting spend nights in the tent .
tr	0	As you know , I was very busy and excited about a pop concert which I worked as a director 's assistant during the last week .
tr	0	Animal News Center Webmaster
tr	0	When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .
tr	0	This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .
tr	0	Look in the pet stores for `` fry food '' or `` baby fish foods '' .
tr	0	The mind becomes strong and sharp .
tr	0	Once , Quinn observed , he even stooped down for a dried dog turd , sniffed it carefully , and kept it .
tr	0	These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .
tr	0	The official festivals are the Viking Festival , the Festival of Angels , Early Music , Late Music , Horse Racing ( the `` Ebor Race Meeting '' ) , Multicultural Food and Arts , Chinese New Year , Mystery Plays , Christmas St Nicholas ' Fair , and the Food and Drink Festival .
tr	0	Because it does not complex , also we do n't confuse .
tr	0	He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .
tr	0	We look forward to your active participation to make this forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals .
tr	0	To a dog , watching T.V . is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz .
tr	0	Of the public process , he said , `` In the end I 'll have one vote in each referendum just like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll '' .
tr	0	Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
tr	0	Well , the Structural Funds have helped to apply a brake to this process .
tr	0	Is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida ?
tr	0	that is for me the only possibility because I will finish my course a University at the end of June and I will start to work in September .
tr	0	Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers .
tr	0	By 2050 , undernourishment would increase by either 49 percent or by 27 percent , depending on the scenario .
tr	0	My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .
tr	0	are you kidding ?
tr	0	Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .
tr	0	In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .
tr	0	Harry felt a hot surge of anger .
tr	0	The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .
tr	0	Would you mind giving some answer whether I need some clothes and money at the Camp ?
tr	0	Preparing a Union-wide harmonising directive on as complex a matter as energy is certainly a complicated business .
tr	0	He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .
tr	0	Great service- high class !
tr	0	I prefer stay in cabin because I have some experience with tents from my childhood and it was not very good experience therefore I would like to stay in cabin .
tr	0	If you would like , we can set up a conference call with you , myself , and Larry to go over the payment methodology .
tr	0	The reason for this is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China , hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea .
tr	0	He wants to talk .
tr	0	Many people , including Indigenous groups , argue they trivialize First Nations culture .
tr	0	“ They ’ re a huge drain on emergency preparedness .
tr	0	The other person working at the store did n't know that I still had this table coming .
tr	0	I herd Cara towards the front of the store , mouthing sorry at the front cashier .
tr	0	They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .
tr	0	The problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find -- witness the fight-for-fewest-features between low-end camera companies .
tr	0	YOU have to spend the time training .
tr	0	After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench .
tr	0	Most common way to earn is baby-sitting .
tr	0	The Dursleys would n't have liked it – there were plenty of weeds , and the grass needed cutting – but there were gnarled trees all around the walls , plants Harry had never seen spilling from every flowerbed and a big green pond full of frogs .
tr	0	The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .
tr	0	I got my appointment – of course ; and I got it very quick .
tr	0	Of course , they could n't call him either to ask about it because apparently they do n't keep their employees ' phone numbers ( riiight ) , so I would have to return on Monday ( driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .
tr	0	Basil plants are attractive to Japanese beetles
tr	0	I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?
tr	0	When near the buildings I met a white man , in such an unexpected elegance of get-up that in the first moment I took him for a sort of vision .
tr	0	Identify possible subjects , based on experience , a comparison of existing teaching material related to DH ( e.g . The Programming Historian , the Digital Scholarship Training Programme at the British Library and Columbia University 's Developing Librarian project ) and the TaDiRAH taxonomy of research activities ;
tr	0	It 's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !
tr	0	Ever since the first whispers about Google 's IPO , most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that , even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution , the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit .
tr	0	Although initially denied passage to Tabennese by a Pachomian monk due to his wealthy background , Theodorus opted to follow the visiting monk , and his persistence ( and lack of obedience ) paid off .
tr	0	These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .
tr	0	My Group has made extensive amendments to both reports up for debate today .
tr	0	Thank you in advanced for your comprehention and we look forward to hearing for you .
tr	0	They 've knocked out a wall into that sort of yard thing and they have dancing .
tr	0	For August I booked a journey to Greece with my wife .
tr	0	steel or iron , which use for our building , it can make it stronger and not easy to destroy .
tr	0	The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest .
tr	0	Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
tr	0	Bailey 's , orange vodka , bitters , and chocolate flakes .
tr	0	In the end , I thought I could enjoy myself visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because of something they did n't explain to me .
tr	0	I would prefer a simple , fitted black one .
tr	0	Unfortunatly my parents did not realize how TV was creating a role among us .
tr	0	Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
tr	0	Five minutes later they were marching up the hill , broomsticks over their shoulders .
tr	0	She ruffled her feathers and gave him a look of deep disgust .
tr	0	Ken Rice @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
tr	0	Personally I do n't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled .
tr	0	King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight , Mohammed al-Jadaan .
tr	0	Ukrainians have demonstrated their allegiance to a European Union that is itself hopelessly divided , with the euro crisis pitting creditor and debtor countries against one another .
tr	0	But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28k ) .
tr	0	If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S @ P , I 'd listen .
tr	0	I extend my hand to each of you in true friendship , and honor .
tr	0	The exaggeration can be slight or considerable —
tr	0	The tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish , or a few of them , but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in .
tr	0	Yeah , Mum 's always wishing we had a house-elf to do the ironing , said George .
tr	0	If you do it , there will be no bussiness for you and no satisfaction for them .
tr	0	The Expressionists in Germany and the Futurists in Moscow mounted productions of his plays .
tr	0	I 'm two years into an undergraduate degree .
tr	0	It was not until he had his hand on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing .
tr	0	Click on the Security Question section and follow the onsite steps .
tr	0	I 'm happy about this .
tr	0	We may arrange for the best airport security in the world .
tr	0	He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .
tr	0	Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have got a prior plan to teach the Korean children in Brighton about Korean and Korean history in the early August .
tr	0	$ 15m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .
tr	0	I hope you consider these pieces of suggestions .
tr	0	The least we can do is pass this news along .
tr	0	We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .
tr	0	regards and have fun with your hammy
tr	0	Now we could feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
tr	0	my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can . ?
tr	0	There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
tr	0	I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him .
tr	0	Who are we ?
tr	0	I had been telling Shahar when we were walking in the Gai-Hinnom that I had n't liked it when David Ben-Gurion on his visits to the United States would call upon American Jews to give up their illusions about goyish democracy and emigrate full speed to Israel .
tr	0	Still , there are questions left unanswered .
tr	0	Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .
tr	0	Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of `` saving space '' than anything else ...
tr	0	that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up
tr	0	Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .
tr	0	He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts – nothing more .
tr	0	The best cakes EVER !
tr	0	What 's worse , there is usually traffic jam around or along roads to a big supermarket and a shopping mall .
tr	0	Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad ?
tr	0	How do you do ?
tr	0	We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .
tr	0	I still have noticeable scarring .
tr	0	The images turned out amazing .
tr	0	Please let me know if any of you need additional information .
tr	0	For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
tr	0	In my opinion , I believe that clothes indicate individual 's creativity as well as social situation .
tr	0	Get her to sing , Dando called out proudly .
tr	0	Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
tr	0	The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .
tr	0	Both proved popular and were often reprinted during Shakespeare 's lifetime .
tr	0	Example of inner and outer row fields
tr	0	1562 St Teresa , a Spanish reformer , includes chess in her writings .
tr	0	so im a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?
tr	0	Such consultation may highlight the need for a phased introduction or transitional measures .
tr	0	so , I do n't think the bird do n't trust you , but still do n't like the cage .
tr	0	01/19/2001 07:24 AM
tr	0	This stream should be covering both P & I and not just principal .
tr	0	Uncle Vernon coughed again .
tr	0	The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army possessed many soldiers from the Balkans .
tr	0	I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .
tr	0	if the person you want to talk to does n't want to talk to you , s/he always has the option of simply not responding to your message , as , from your point of view , this is indistinguishable from him or her simply being away from the computer .
tr	0	One night was too much .
tr	0	Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch , knocking the tray right out of her hands .
tr	0	Of course , Mweta has to hand out a job to everybody .
tr	0	One of the boys was from Oklahoma , near Tulsa .
tr	0	You will also often see Thais doing a wai as they walk past temples and spirit houses .
tr	0	There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from Hadibo to Qalansia .
tr	0	Beautifully written reviews Doctor , but completely UNTRUE .
tr	0	Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist ( a HUGE number compared to the others in the area ) , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure ?
tr	0	We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .
tr	0	To plant the basil in the garden , dig holes spaced at least 6 inches apart .
tr	0	But the thing which I 've never expected is Pat betrayed me .
tr	0	But he was an inside/outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .
tr	0	`` These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion , indicating the important role ( domestic ) investors play in the GTA housing market . ''
tr	0	We are together in High School in California and this is our last year .
tr	0	In adition to this , I did not have any discount in my ticket .
tr	0	He reemerged in September 1859 , laying claim to the position of Emperor of the United States .
tr	0	She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .
tr	0	Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
tr	0	He then `` fixed '' it for free but it still looked like crap .
tr	0	Tame , but pretty cool .
tr	0	Please see attached Word file
tr	0	The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .
tr	0	Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .
tr	0	Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .
tr	0	Yes , it 's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this .
tr	0	the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful .
tr	0	However , you can put them in if you want .
tr	0	His watch read nearly six .
tr	0	Now the mites are finally closing in .
tr	0	July 12 , 2:30 it is .
tr	0	Every move Google makes brings this particular future closer .
tr	0	Here and there grayish-whitish specks showed up , clustered inside the white surf , with a flag flying above them perhaps .
tr	0	I heard that a company ( here is a link : http : //news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs , complete with squeaky chew-toy sounds , and high pitched sounds that humans ca n't hear .
tr	0	But he stopped quickly , because thinking about Hermione was painful .
tr	0	About the accommodation , I 'd prefer to stay in log cabins , because for me and my family 's more comfortable .
tr	0	This was ( another ) nice deal for Enron .
tr	0	Karzai , Musharraf new regional equations
tr	0	Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture .
tr	0	This , however , does not seem feasible .
tr	0	$ 44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industries .
tr	0	If you took some Olympic-level horses on a trail ride , they just could n't do it .
tr	0	If I found somenthing special to visit in three hours I call you .
tr	0	Harry could make out Hermione 's neat writing , Ron 's untidy scrawl and even a scribble that looked as though it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper , Hagrid .
tr	0	As of 2002 , Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .
tr	0	I have been shopping there for over six years now .
tr	0	Author of Italian chess book .
tr	0	Mom has Cara on a diet , so of course she wants a cookie .
tr	0	Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .
tr	0	Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you provided .
tr	0	After a couple of weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder , when I say up it means to jump up on my finger , when I say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage .
tr	0	I 've been away a long time .
tr	0	And it is a war !
tr	0	Isfahan ( Persian : اصفهان , also known as Esfahan ) is a city in central Iran , south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province .
tr	0	This is one thought-provoking film .
tr	0	I 'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel , but I ca n't risk losing the job because I have two visible tattoos on my arm .
tr	0	My post-op treatment was TERRIBLE .
tr	0	we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
tr	0	everywhere one looks , it seems , there are deep-seated problems .
tr	0	Pay any price .
tr	0	To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .
tr	0	I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .
tr	0	That did it for me..no more Raina 's .
tr	0	Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .
tr	0	For example , for our jobs supecial ceremonys and so on .
tr	0	Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .
tr	0	It was huge and scared the crap out of me .
tr	0	Do you think magic is alive as a viable form of entertainment today ?
tr	0	From my point of view I think he was such a very bad actor that was impossible to fine another with the same features .
tr	0	I used this equepument during concert but I was so compricate system .
tr	0	Tell hello to your parents !
tr	0	As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .
tr	0	They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .
tr	0	OK , 1701 LOCUST STREET i say .
tr	0	If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .
tr	0	If that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .
tr	0	I see youre still recovering from the accident .
tr	0	If sometimes I do n't want to go out and I do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
tr	0	and would you recommend it as a student ?
tr	0	When the company found themselves in dispute with their landlord , they pulled The Theatre down and used the timbers to construct the Globe Theatre , the first playhouse built by actors for actors , on the south bank of the Thames at Southwark .
tr	0	The Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in April 1997 .
tr	0	Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing in the Yemen , directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and Kristin Scott Thomas .
tr	0	I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate .
tr	0	Then human feelings , human experience , the human form and face , recover their proper place the foreground .
tr	0	According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N. , the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .
tr	0	The European Parliament shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .
tr	0	In basketball I have more practise then in tennis .
tr	0	At first , Pat denied all the things my friends told me about herself but she finally agreed with that .
tr	0	Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga , and the name of a different , smaller island just offshore .
tr	0	A few students and me have heard about a fashion and leisure show .
tr	0	The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .
tr	0	`` You say , 'wow ! '
tr	0	I had no difficulty in finding the Company 's offices .
tr	0	I am very concerned about this issue .
tr	0	It will let me get up and close with nature , and experience life in the wild .
tr	0	`` There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , '' the guidelines read .
tr	0	Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?
tr	0	I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .
tr	0	PS , If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre , stay a night at my friend Ken 's hotel .
tr	0	We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .
tr	0	The Shia can not live without the Sunnis , and vice versa .
tr	0	Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great ! ! !
tr	0	As far as I know , English people are really surprised about Chinese students ' advanced level in Maths , as well as the knowledge in politics .
tr	0	Which elements of specific artworks do they focus on ?
tr	0	He began at the beginning and went through the entire story , step by step .
tr	0	Conservationists welcomed the commission ’ s announcement .
tr	0	and will these antibiotics help ?
tr	0	In the next 100 years there will be no change in that but the fashion is going to develop in a special imaginative way .
tr	0	The second issue is that of incentives .
tr	0	My love to you , James .
tr	0	Very friendly and ALWAY contactable even at weekends .
tr	0	Are n't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven ?
tr	0	“ I had it done when I was little and see , you can ’ t even tell . ”
tr	0	There are plenty of cheap restaurants .
tr	0	And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x
tr	0	Thank you in advance for your contribution to this effort .
tr	0	Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .
tr	0	Adnan Z. Amin , General Director of the International Organization for Renewable Energies ( IRENA ) is certain : `` Offshore wind power can become the top power generator in a global economy that is free of coal-based energy . ''
tr	0	Therefore , I think it is great idea to visit the show for our knowledgement .
tr	0	And just for one sandwich . ''
tr	0	Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail .
tr	0	I 'll be grade if you let me know about your rules at school and at home .
tr	0	A number of forigen students have recently been increasing .
tr	0	It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
tr	0	Most travellers will arrive in York by road ( car or bus ) or rail from other parts of the UK or an airport .
tr	0	Where does all her energy come from ? Or that voice , which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves ?
tr	0	I learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet .
tr	0	`` Just as particular about music as other people are about seasonings .
tr	0	Quinn reached into his pocket and gave the man a dollar .
tr	0	Bait and switch , untrained workers
tr	0	did anyone have this issue ?
tr	0	State is the body with experience in international affairs and administration .
tr	0	He became very angry no matter how hard I tried telling him the truth .
tr	0	The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
tr	0	XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .
tr	0	Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles ? ''
tr	0	Thai men generally wear pants , and most Thais view an adult man wearing shorts as fairly ridiculous ;
tr	0	In George Orwell 's influential novel `` 1984 '' doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as `` war is peace '' .
tr	0	Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?
tr	0	Get great service , fantastic menu , and relax .
tr	0	He was amazing , and had a penholder behind his ear .
tr	0	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with increased levels of carbon dioxide .
tr	0	Both the reports before us today represent further necessary steps along the same road .
tr	0	Date and time fields
tr	0	The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads , but only one worked .
tr	0	I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .
tr	0	It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .
tr	0	That top predator , of course , is us .
tr	0	we would suggest just on Tuesday afternoon no doing shop , everything else could stay the same .
tr	0	Even after September 11 , it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon .
tr	0	He also remarked that `` the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable '' .
tr	0	He did not ask me to sit down after my twenty-mile walk that morning .
tr	0	Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
tr	0	When I was younger I remember that when I had to study or to work on a school project I would take a lot of time researching on libraries , looking for old books .
tr	0	Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?
tr	0	There is no easy answer to the painful issue of abortion .
tr	0	Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .
tr	0	The bigger issue , as the IMS consultancy found last year , is the shortage of doctors , clinics , and hospitals , especially in rural areas .
tr	0	It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .
tr	0	If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .
tr	0	Two shabby-looking wizards were watching him from the shadow of a doorway , muttering to each other .
tr	0	They made conversation about the radio and television coverage of the celebrations , and from this broke into talk that interested them both :
tr	0	Hope to hearing from you soon
tr	0	At first , I am very happy to win this first prize and as expected I 'm following your instruction .
tr	0	I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy Maffett lawsuit .
tr	0	`` We face a dangerous sentence .
tr	0	8 . Satisfied Enron Customers
tr	0	I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him .
tr	0	Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough .
tr	0	I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .
tr	0	These people only carry the very best American blown glass .
tr	0	At this time , our nation was under a developing country .
tr	0	After one month 's full-bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .
tr	0	This process of synoikismos – bringing together in one home – created the largest and wealthiest state on the Greek mainland , but it also created a larger class of people excluded from political life by the nobility .
tr	0	Secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg . Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .
tr	0	I blinked , the path was steep .
tr	0	I arrived at the playground to find Pag the center of attention for some half-dozen kids , those lucky few in front punching him in the head , the others making do with taunts of mongrel and polly while waiting their turn .
tr	0	I hope one day you and me can travel to South America because I would like to introduce you my new friends .
tr	0	It ’ s limitless , and you ’ ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .
tr	0	( 26 ) A competent body is usually a public or private body , designated by the public authorities , and presenting the necessary guarantees for impartiality and availability of technical expertise for carrying out verification of the product with regard to its compliance with the applicable implementing measures .
tr	0	The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .
tr	0	The more seeing her I could , the more ambitious I became .
tr	0	It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .
tr	0	But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle-eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .
tr	0	The Council is extremely concerned at the latest developments in the Middle Eastern peace process .
tr	0	I would really like to know how you can escape into Europe .
tr	0	I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water .
tr	0	Immediately she recognized her beloved teacher kissing one of her class mate and she run away as fast as she could .
tr	0	The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC ; small , cozy , but with flair .
tr	0	The lowest bed here is better than my last salons highest level .
tr	0	People 's fantasy is enormous .
tr	0	Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .
tr	0	I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office .
tr	0	The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .
tr	0	New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .
tr	0	Financially , it could be a lean year , although some advance planning can help you weather the storm .
tr	0	Modern English Grammar on Historical Principles ( 1909 – 1949 ) , concentrated on morphology and syntax , and Growth and Structure of the English Language ( 1905 ) is a comprehensive view of English by someone with another native language , and still in print , over 70 years after his death and more than 100 years after publication .
tr	0	I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .
tr	0	Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday ; however , there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs , not to mention its grand artistic traditions .
tr	0	This store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter .
tr	0	When you do something , I went to see your new shows .
tr	0	The viewing experience of art is a complex one , involving issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion .
tr	0	When they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation .
tr	0	They need to update the locker rooms ASAP .
tr	0	Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .
tr	0	He looked through the pile , trying to decide which one to pick .
tr	0	she began to spread that secrect to everybody including the teachers .
tr	0	The Indian government 's ongoing assault on pharmaceutical IP makes these findings even more significant .
tr	0	Make sure he is n't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out .
tr	0	Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .
tr	0	Rivertrail is probably be best choice for the rider seeking an easy route .
tr	0	Efforts by primary and secondary schools could help to foster more diverse interests among female students , giving talented young women the tools they need to make important contributions to key economic sectors .
tr	0	By conference call _______
tr	0	It looked startling round his black neck , this bit of white thread from beyond the seas .
tr	0	I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .
tr	0	Then , there was only one hour left to install the differents color lights : it was just enought time .
tr	0	air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint
tr	0	There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .
tr	0	Let us say there has been an attempt to put technical make-up on the political face .
tr	0	i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .
tr	0	Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
tr	0	Whereas it is essential to promote the development of friendly relations between nations ;
tr	0	Do other brides fall for this ? ? ?
tr	0	Resignation of a Vice-President
tr	0	You can select two or more custom groups to create a higher-level grouping .
tr	0	You 're at 7th .
tr	0	Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other .
tr	0	I want you to have it .
tr	0	A custom group field .
tr	0	You do n't remember me ?
tr	0	The Cloughs had moved into the British Consulate for the last week or two before their departure , a large , glassy , contemporary house placed to show off the umbrella thorn-trees of the site , just as in an architect 's scale model .
tr	0	As to me , I had hardly ever spoken to him before .
tr	0	Here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .
tr	0	Tue . Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice , return car , fly to Paris
tr	0	He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .
tr	0	Where : On Campus Inn at Pen
tr	0	As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .
tr	0	You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .
tr	0	For a moment I stood appalled , as though by a warning .
tr	0	I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .
tr	0	This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .
tr	0	I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .
tr	0	Whereas a common understanding of these rights and freedoms is of the greatest importance for the full realization of this pledge ;
tr	0	Its understandable recoil from wars , following the horrors of World War II , may cost thousands of additional innocent lives , before the tide will turn . ''
tr	0	You can export a database object as an XML document in several ways :
tr	0	I have nothing bad to say .
tr	0	I say this of my free will . Yes .
tr	0	They also made one other change , they are taking out the `` subject to recall '' language at the bottom of page 2 under item # 1 .
tr	0	Hackers attack Church of Scientology website
tr	0	I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .
tr	0	Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella..
tr	0	I will sum it up with , it was worth every penny !
tr	0	If you want to make the audience laugh , your punchline needs to be surprising .
tr	0	i do n't know why he wo n't eat though !
tr	0	One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post `` I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .
tr	0	The report contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers have mentioned in this evening 's debate .
tr	0	Aunt Petunia dug some ice-cream out of the freezer and Harry , still shaking , started scrubbing the kitchen clean .
tr	0	“ Where ’ s your mom ?
tr	0	I fully support the need for contacts with third countries .
tr	0	Please choose the parakeet ...
tr	0	It was pretty much the first thing he told us when , as first years , we were all bunched together in the unfamiliar dusty classroom .
tr	0	When they see that you arnt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .
tr	0	He inspired uneasiness . That was it ! Uneasiness . Not a definite mistrust – just uneasiness – nothing more .
tr	0	But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .
tr	0	do NOT bring your car here
tr	0	But in a ticket office I realised I could n't get it .
tr	0	Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in .
tr	0	In Anna Scherer 's salon , the elegant guests are discussing the scandal of Napoleon and the Duc d'Enghien , and Prince Andrei says that after all there is a great difference between Napoleon the Emperor and Napoleon the private person .
tr	0	The name is a pun referencing ants , its primary topic , science , and `` non-scientific '' jargon-free communication .
tr	0	Computer might know better than human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .
tr	0	The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .
tr	0	I had to look at my hands very hard for a long , long time .
tr	0	When appeared the first car , it was already a great success .
tr	0	This building have a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the elevator .
tr	0	7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .
tr	0	I would like to spend my time at your Camp site in log cabins .
tr	0	Came the disintegration of the Beatles ' minds with LSD which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as `` I am the Walrus '' and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like `` Revolution number 9 '' .
tr	0	Cook the quinoa .
tr	0	It lists places all over the city and suburbs .
tr	0	sorry , i left lou off of the message .
tr	0	At the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a `` submarine '' in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast .
tr	0	You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia .
tr	0	During the spring , summer , and fall , the Beavertail cactus grows and will benefit from a balanced fertilizer .
tr	0	For all this reasons my evening was terrible and I would like to receive at least part of my money back .
tr	0	We also have `` internet `` , by which you can learn something about the world in less than a minute .
tr	0	He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight .
tr	0	Does the Commission have any sort of long-term policy in mind here ?
tr	0	The provisions of that Protocol shall form an integral part of this Treaty .
tr	0	Because of the reason above , I , indeed , spent awful last night in London .
tr	0	Shareef Abdelhaleen , 30 , Mississauga ;
tr	0	See you all there - this is ling overdue
tr	0	However it is perhaps relevant that the bubonic plague raged in London throughout 1609 .
tr	0	They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .
tr	0	There are a few life theories like that which working through .
tr	0	Great service and awesome prices .
tr	0	Recreational , cultural and educational opportunities are abundant throughout Northeast Ohio .
tr	0	Madam President , I would firstly like to point out Mr Poettering 's lack of logic .
tr	0	The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect , yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome .
tr	0	Great Wine & Service
tr	0	I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested .
tr	0	In exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land , the mighty corporation promised to bring the people great wealth .
tr	0	It has been in her parents ' appartement .
tr	0	We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .
tr	0	Silkies have hookless feathers .
tr	0	I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .
tr	0	We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .
tr	0	Stir together the flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda and salt .
tr	0	Fast and friendly service , they know my order when I walk in the door !
tr	0	- BRENNER , URSULA J.doc < < File : BRENNER , URSULA J.doc > >
tr	0	The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .
tr	0	I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys .
tr	0	After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !
tr	0	This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush 's aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .
tr	0	And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
tr	0	While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event .
tr	0	This also applies to charges on cross-border transfers .
tr	0	The asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
tr	0	Moving fields to the row or column areas
tr	0	This may also contribute to the promotion of English department .
tr	0	The purpose of this pilot study was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
tr	0	Go to the Looking Glass for all your smoking needs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tr	0	Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .
tr	0	At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills , he used Linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .
tr	0	So , I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this group .
tr	0	At the end of the 8th century , the Moravian Principality came into being in present-day south-eastern Moravia , Záhorie in south-western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria .
tr	0	Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .
tr	0	' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .
tr	0	In a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , the Church denied these allegations :
tr	0	The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull .
tr	0	It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .
tr	0	Hobbs on Mass .
tr	0	`` Ay , '' said Sancho ; `` it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it > >
tr	0	`` Norman is one of my good buddies , so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state . ''
tr	0	July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .
tr	0	You could try to do your shopping via Internet .
tr	0	Hiller asked , inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf , who seized control of the country October 12 .
tr	0	It did not contain birthday greetings .
tr	0	i am not looking foward to that but do n't tell val .
tr	0	In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .
tr	0	___________ Wednesday , September 27 5:00-8:30 pm
tr	0	The liq value for the call is CORRECT .
tr	0	None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
tr	0	Besides from Pacquiao , what else is The Philipines famous for ?
tr	0	There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .
tr	0	Unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long-term management .
tr	0	I am very happy for the news .
tr	0	- ENRON - SCHEDULE ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc
tr	0	And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .
tr	0	I think this entity should stay with 83N .
tr	0	The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
tr	0	People from Earth come here to live .
tr	0	But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .
tr	0	After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .
tr	0	I 'm afraid you 've got the wrong Paul Auster .
tr	0	I will NEVER do business with this company !
tr	0	I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .
tr	0	There was n't one that was not broken .
tr	0	Not too far from there , you can find a local bar / nightclub named Bik Kreyol , Beau Soleil , 0590258046 or 0590920648 ( Entrance € 5 , Drinks € 3 ) .
tr	0	But in the show , there was a another actor .
tr	0	But there are also some life 's rules , like do not put legs on the table when we are eating or eat with my fingers .
tr	0	The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute .
tr	0	you live in NZ and you eat McDonalds ice cream ?
tr	0	She loves giraffes and homemade things !
tr	0	Inward FDI could increase by as much as 83 % annually by 2020 ;
tr	0	Exhausted , stomach rumbling , mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions , Harry fell into an uneasy sleep .
tr	0	when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that later .
tr	0	In 1760 the elder Balzac set off for Paris with only a louis coin in his pocket , determined to improve his social standing ;
tr	0	thanks for listening .
tr	0	Saturday , October 19 , 2013
tr	0	In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care/know better .
tr	0	Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan , recruiting is at an all-time low .
tr	0	Very friendly people offering a brilliant service .
tr	0	Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .
tr	0	I have never called myself that , by the way .
tr	0	Moreover without a cellular phone my mother does not let me go out with my friends to the city because it is too far and she is worried .
tr	0	A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .
tr	0	`` -- think again . ''
tr	0	What we are doing today is essentially a nuisance .
tr	0	As coauthor Colette Heald told The Huffington Post , `` The climate projections are quite consistent [ ... ]
tr	0	For starters , the common funds are meager , with no prospect of being increased – not least because of Germany 's unrelenting opposition .
tr	0	A bust of Patrick Gordon in Yekaterinburg , Russia
tr	0	The organiser of the concert asked my school for about 15 people , who does art , to help decorate the stage .
tr	0	These companies find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher salaries .
tr	0	In addition , from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away ' like us anglo-saxons .
tr	0	China 's Growth Puzzle .
tr	0	Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing .
tr	0	But there is no proof .
tr	0	If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
tr	0	I hope that the debate on wine-growing will benefit the wine producer , the product and the consumer alike .
tr	0	- During the break we could show the activities of the students .
tr	0	We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean .
tr	0	In Calcutta there is a Foreigner 's reservation office where they speak English very well .
tr	0	Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .
tr	0	... fraud and corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public voice ;
tr	0	I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .
tr	0	I 'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry .
tr	0	I faxed comments to you on dash .
tr	0	The undergraduate form of self-expression that emerges where Englishmen want to give themselves to celebration imposed itself for a while .
tr	0	Prototaxites , laying down , was about three feet tall .
tr	0	or it is normal ?
tr	0	Other than eating , or shopping , or shopping for food , there is not much else to do unless you work in Fort Lee .
tr	0	Planning on going to New Zealand in January .
tr	0	People have seen in the last 10 years how diferent our clothes had become to .
tr	0	Two men score , and that 's it , bye-bye New York .
tr	0	It may be like that in your library , may not it ?
tr	0	It will take place on Tuesday from 10.00 am to 19.00 pm , so we could give up the shopping and go to the show in the afternoon .
tr	0	( See attached file : UnleadedStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : CrudeStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : HeatingOilStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIIstocksCL.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHO.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHU.pdf ) ( See attached file : API.pdf )
tr	0	Clean the containers and dry them thoroughly .
tr	0	I think this are reasons enough for enquiring about some money back .
tr	0	Thank you for the letter that conformed first prize .
tr	0	It was of my understanding that discounts were available on the tickets , as the advertisement showed , but there were no discounts .
tr	0	Who plays in that one ?
tr	0	Summing up I can say that it was a fantastic day , because Britney sang so beautiful and the performance was also super .
tr	0	Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison .
tr	0	I sent this to Mary last week .
tr	0	Now we come to the references to Macao .
tr	0	NEVER fear going to the dentist again !
tr	0	Nervous people make mistakes , so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .
tr	0	The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt .
tr	0	But yes , thank you . A little food ca n't do any harm .
tr	0	A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...
tr	0	`` Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change , '' said Camille Parmesan , a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world 's leading experts on this issue .
tr	0	The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel .
tr	0	I have finally found a mechanic I trust ! !
tr	0	Each time You distribute or publicly digitally perform a Derivative Work , Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the original Work on the same terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License .
tr	0	This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information .
tr	0	In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11 , and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes , the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code , the code for representing the date 9/11 , and used the symbolism of the `` Green Birds . ''
tr	0	Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .
tr	0	I 'm writing to complain for the musical show `` Over the Rainbow `` .
tr	0	Maybe I should just let that process unfold , maybe I should n't try to mess with nature .
tr	0	Sat . Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns , check-in mid afternoon
tr	0	The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .
tr	0	On their return , they entertained the idea of living in South America , far away from the problems of postwar Belgium .
tr	0	A number of minerals are not of much consequence .
tr	0	Moreover , the weekend ticket was fantastic because I spent two days the festival - Saturday and Sunday .
tr	0	Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man .
tr	0	They have ideas but they can notformulate them in the right way .
tr	0	We have waited for 45 minutes getting bored for it to start !
tr	0	Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .
tr	0	Does it work ?
tr	0	In conclusion , I do n't want to change something in my house or at school , because I totaly agree with the few rules that I have .
tr	0	Tulsa International Airport ( IATA : TUL ) in the northern part of Tulsa .
tr	0	$ 101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .
tr	0	Do I need take too much clothes ?
tr	0	basically this is a sample of the Galaxy .
tr	0	We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .
tr	0	Instead , there was this unknown actor with a very bad performance and a terribly annoying voice .
tr	0	In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question .
tr	0	I have just received your letter and I would like to thank you about the two weeks in California I won in the competition .
tr	0	# 2 ) If you take the shampoo products home , they will charge you $ 8 per item .
tr	0	The person at Petsmart is very wrong ; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you ; they do n't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info .
tr	0	This was his secretary Pat , however , he could n't be sure and decided to check it up .
tr	0	It was incredible what a good player Alena was .
tr	0	It had better nutritional value and its also less expensive .
tr	0	Who 'll be happy ?
tr	0	He was commonplace in complexion , in features , in manners , and in voice .
tr	0	It is time for India 's leaders to recognize the positive role that IP can play in fostering growth and improving citizens ' wellbeing .
tr	0	CC makes things more complex .
tr	0	The Jihad `` soldiers '' join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .
tr	0	They 're fit and healthy and their care is suitable .
tr	0	the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
tr	0	They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .
tr	0	She has not only helped me through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .
tr	0	`` We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .
tr	0	I would recommend not using this company .
tr	0	This is about my farrier , girls .
tr	0	And I ca n't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod .
tr	0	Below is the information you requested me .
tr	0	I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service . ?
tr	0	To select several controls at once in a data access page , you must have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 installed on your computer .
tr	0	But then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because Posada is not Meiring .
tr	0	“ And it wasn ’ t pleasant I can tell you . ”
tr	0	Yeah , he 's smart . But he talks too much .
tr	0	However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .
tr	0	As you can see , I have abosolutly no experience in it .
tr	0	I 'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office .
tr	0	But I was sure he would tell nothing .
tr	0	He obtains these things , but loses the ability to manage them .
tr	0	We gave her her letters ( I heard the men in that lonely ship were dying of fever at the rate of three a day ) and went on .
tr	0	We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .
tr	0	$ 6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .
tr	0	Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers .
tr	0	Because Israel and any problems related to it , in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media , is not the central issue , and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region .
tr	0	Shoping is not always enjoyable
tr	0	Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on : Enron 's Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )
tr	0	`` At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .
tr	0	Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil .
tr	0	And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well .
tr	0	Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .
tr	0	Is it true that Facebook is going to charge to use the site ?
tr	0	Do your writers have similar rules of thumb ?
tr	0	Also we should film our sports class because with this we will show how important is to be healthy nowadays .
tr	0	Do you want me to send the invoices to you ?
tr	0	I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments -- such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD , and there were a few other questions I had .
tr	0	The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page .
tr	0	The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract .
tr	0	My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .
tr	0	Now , I wo n't eat fast food Chinese unless it 's from this place .
tr	0	It could be also relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
tr	0	Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .
tr	0	I 'll keep you posted .
tr	0	Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .
tr	0	So I am sure you will understand why I so annoyed and frustrated with the whole incindent .
tr	0	Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .
tr	0	It could be that Auster had so much work he did n't need to advertise .
tr	0	I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .
tr	0	They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .
tr	0	If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .
tr	0	I answered to her saying I probably will die .
tr	0	I love the meat !
tr	0	I would not like to take legal action , as it would not be convenient for both of us , but I will if I consider it necessary .
tr	0	The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
tr	0	Firstly , I expected to see the play by Danny Brook who is my favourite actor .
tr	0	So I do not have a supplementary question , I just want to register my protest .
tr	0	Clean & tidy with good atmosphere & pleasant staff .
tr	0	You ’ re leaning on the railing , waiting to ask Derya about a job , watching the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight , flying down to make Frankfurt run .
tr	0	Dobby has heard of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never knew
tr	0	Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .
tr	0	History is becoming more and more irrelevant .
tr	0	Best Stationery store in Bethesda
tr	0	I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .
tr	0	And whoever dwells in the past , doesn ’ t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .
tr	0	In a medium saucepan , heat up 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat .
tr	0	But they 'll be tough . Better than last year , anyway .
tr	0	I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak : )
tr	0	This is my share in the advantages my country shall reap from the possession of such a magnificent dependency .
tr	0	Once my family and I went to Greece and rent a sailing boat for three weeks .
tr	0	Finally , the life in France are crasy , this is the tradition .
tr	0	Do n't buy shoes to grow into , because your feet will seem flexed when you pointe and will look flat .
tr	0	But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .
tr	0	Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .
tr	0	Good beer good service and what more could you want .
tr	0	I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH , 2009 .
tr	0	I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .
tr	0	quality of life very low .
tr	0	The reasons for this relationship are not easy to establish definitively , and the authors ' conclusions are controversial .
tr	0	Another great business bites the dust !
tr	0	At first , I would like to go travel on July , because before them I do n't have time to travel .
tr	0	Von Bellingshausen sighted Antarctica on the 27th of January 1820 , three days before Bransfield sighted land , and ten months before Palmer did so in November 1820 .
tr	0	At this time all the girls became jealous and stopped to laugh .
tr	0	At least one expert believes China 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA 's planned lunar return .
tr	0	A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .
tr	0	Having a security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever lose access to it .
tr	0	The Importance of Being Boring .
tr	0	Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?
tr	0	This circle operates mostly through mosques , madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media .
tr	0	Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell @ swbell.net Houston , TX 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
tr	0	Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .
tr	0	Holt was a second-team All-District 8-4A inclusion his sophomore year , batting .324 for the season . [ 2 ]
tr	0	The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .
tr	0	The garden paused , and everything held its breath and waited .
tr	0	My wife and me went to The Circle Theatre last Saturday evening because we love the main actor , Danny Brook .
tr	0	He says , `` I ask myself in what ways my life has not been typical .
tr	0	his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .
tr	0	How to prevent this ?
tr	0	Madam President , I should like to know if there will be a clear message going out from Parliament this week about our discontent over today 's decision refusing to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia , considering that the vast majority in this Parliament have endorsed the arms embargo in Indonesia in the past ?
tr	0	You make me want to sneeze ! ”
tr	0	If you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling .
tr	0	With divisions , EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .
tr	0	However I think the style of fashion will not have big differences because I believe that fashion is in a circle .
tr	0	are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
tr	0	Harry looked up from the letter and gulped .
tr	0	Craft Wonderland with History
tr	0	What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?
tr	0	And , your investment is only $ 6.00 ( Plus postage ) ! ! !
tr	0	i got her number though .
tr	0	Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .
tr	0	- ENRON-CPS ( GISB rev1 ) .doc
tr	0	I do n't want an iPad or Kindle .
tr	0	at last I got under the trees .
tr	0	So there is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval .
tr	0	Holt made his Major League debut on September 1 , 2012 .
tr	0	Our main tasks during those three days ( I worked with 10 other young people ) , consisted in carrying music instruments and loudspeakers , checking the lights and microphones , cleaning everything , ...
tr	0	For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative meaning , whereas E would be positive .
tr	0	Harry had n't told the Dursleys this ; he knew it was only their terror that he might turn them all into dung beetles that stopped them locking him in the cupboard under the stairs with his wand and broomstick .
tr	0	We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .
tr	0	The initiated then revelled in retelling the gross sensation of having this evil-smelling plastic slug invade your mouth , while the others waited their turn with mixed trepidation and excitement .
tr	0	And they were only two-hours-and-a-bit from London , their daughters and their friends .
tr	0	The cost is $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .
tr	0	Monday 's are always tough .
tr	0	I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !
tr	0	in the end there is only one amendment on the requirements for the aptitude examination for safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road , rail or inland waterway .
tr	0	Finally , I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theather to cheat to your customers .
tr	0	i will let you know later .
tr	0	Why did you choose to study mathematics ?
tr	0	I try to explain .
tr	0	`` All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , '' Dr. Fortier said .
tr	0	I assume we should come over EB .
tr	0	Like everything else , infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent years .
tr	0	François Guizot , who later became Prime Minister , was Professor of Modern History .
tr	0	Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .
tr	0	My opinion - take it for what it 's worth… : - )
tr	0	They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .
tr	0	China 's accumulation of dollars is approximately $ 600 billion .
tr	0	Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .
tr	0	However , the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two , which has given rise to legal disputes .
tr	0	Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .
tr	0	Jason Choate excellent $ 60,008
tr	0	Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution instruments such as the Structural Funds .
tr	0	We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .
tr	0	In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor-saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .
tr	0	When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .
tr	0	To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel replies `` a most singular & choice epithet , '' and at once enters it in his note book .
tr	0	- ENRON.XLS < < File : ENRON.XLS > >
tr	0	Reading The Sound and the Fury last night , I came upon words in Compson 's thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties , not to the year 1910 .
tr	0	Short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this is a disgrace .
tr	0	Many people `` see `` at shopping like an amusement , but I think it 's not always a good translation to give it .
tr	0	Dr. White is the best !
tr	0	We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .
tr	0	I -- which I try to do , as best as I possibly can .
tr	0	( that was n't easy to decide which activities I will do , cause almost choice interested me )
tr	0	They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .
tr	0	I thought that it was quite superb .
tr	0	click on the `` + '' for Product Types
tr	0	It 's cool ... it 's like another family .
tr	0	If you 're tire , the pill can give you vitamin , protein and make you refresh
tr	0	you can check it out : los angeles online dating
tr	0	click on the `` + '' for EnronOnLine
tr	0	Sorry about the flooding .
tr	0	In April 2012 , the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his government 's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to it .
tr	0	I had n't seen much of Pag lately .
tr	0	The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .
tr	0	Brock Wyatt Holt ( born June 11 , 1988 ) is an American professional baseball second baseman , shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
tr	0	the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .
tr	0	and the extension of the content of the technical and operational back-up to administrative support for active investigations , with intermediation by Europol .
tr	0	Some prefer realistic stories whereas others do unusual ones .
tr	0	I am afraid , but I want my money back .
tr	0	If I were Felix I 'd make you go back home and get it , my girl , Neil said , and the look of inattentive exhaustion on her rather heavy young face moved Bray in fellow-feeling to distract attention from her , saying , My God , I 'm afraid I behaved like a child at Cloughs ' !
tr	0	It was closed of some reason I still do n't know .
tr	0	We know that the refiners already have refineries producing clean diesel , but not for Europe . For the United States and Japan .
tr	0	`` In other words , regulators should consider these innovations ' public-health costs and benefits , and expedite their review .
tr	0	There was a big photograph on the front of a very good-looking wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eyes .
tr	0	Keepers guard the goal posts at each end and attempt to block chasers ' attempts at scoring .
tr	0	In later years , he described the affair as `` a violent , though pure love and passion '' .
tr	0	We could show team spirit of our school with sport activities like soccer , basketball or handball .
tr	0	Some rice cooker will have different settings instead of a simple `` cook '' option .
tr	0	The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .
tr	0	The main thing is to keep practicing .
tr	0	He 'll set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .
tr	0	But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard .
tr	0	thank you very much .
tr	0	The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
tr	0	In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .
tr	0	Books , CDs , expensive clothes .
tr	0	They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .
tr	0	It was she who had given her glass to him that night at the Independence party ;
tr	0	Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this License , however , will not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses .
tr	0	In that respect , the evaluation report ( p. 10 and 11 ) shows that , until March 2004 , 65 % of participants were mainly from law enforcement agencies .
tr	0	When they saw a cartoon of their prophet , people had to die .
tr	0	Make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another .
tr	0	Your mama is so fat : When she hauls ass she has to make two trips .
tr	0	Given the Fund 's origins in helping to rebuild Europe after World War II , European countries are also very well represented on its executive board and in terms of ownership shares ( and thus voting weight on important decisions ) .
tr	0	Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .
tr	0	About ANSI SQL query mode
tr	0	In my opinion the committee drafting the report has not taken sufficient account of this , so on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , I would draw the Commission 's attention to this issue .
tr	0	The Innovation Enigma .
tr	0	If your ruling is that I can not give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .
tr	0	Such settlements probably began around 1000 BC , when eastern Melanesians travelled north .
tr	0	If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .
tr	0	Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .
tr	0	long lines on the weekends but worth it
tr	0	Indeed , they do n't understand what kind of good service private schools held '' ( ( it ) ) .
tr	0	With all the dissatisfuction above , therefore , I would like to ask for some of my money back as my evening was not what it would have to be .
tr	0	the new one would be unique to New Zealand .
tr	0	It varies ; look around Manhattan , look around rents , look around build-outs , look around hiring , look around advertising ...
tr	0	Adding and removing fields
tr	0	'What a frightful row , ' he said .
tr	0	I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http : //www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html
tr	0	Convicts broke stones with hands like that , here .
tr	0	Save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility/doctor .
tr	0	Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate .
tr	0	If a pair is n't leaving eggs ... check the following :
tr	0	According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http : //www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states `` Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . ''
tr	0	Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .
tr	0	Why did you not change the name of your advertisement ?
tr	0	In my opinion it should be a rule which let the medias approach famous people almost anywhere except in their private home to leave them at least one place to feel safe .
tr	0	No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .
tr	0	But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !
tr	0	Oh , it was all right .
tr	0	May God help us all .
tr	0	Rather than punch the girl in the face , he abruptly stood up from his seat and walked away .
tr	0	'When you see Mr. Kurtz , he went on , tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory .
tr	0	All this will help you use both legs evenly , keep proper contact and use your wight correctly , to keep your leg in a good position .
tr	0	Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH ! ! !
tr	0	Then the commercial ends .
tr	0	The accommodation I would prefer to stay in tents because I like adventures and also I will have more contact with the nature .
tr	0	Finally I would like to know what kind of clothes are we supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to pay for food and things like that .
tr	0	As you can see from the Design Document , they are pretty significant .
tr	0	Go somewhere else ...
tr	0	Twice daily , remove the plastic wrap and sprinkle the containers with more water .
tr	0	In addition , we 've used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to become carbon neutral .
tr	0	At the age of one , Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak .
tr	0	She ran down to meet them , her bushy brown hair flying behind her .
tr	0	My friend John Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me .
tr	0	During this time Balzac began to understand the vagaries of human nature .
tr	0	This actor was not almost as brilliant as Danny Brook and I would not have paied so many money if I had known this before .
tr	0	Quinn sat down at the counter and ordered a hamburger and a coffee .
tr	0	From diplomats you hear cagey explanations ;
tr	0	From the activities I want to take Golf and Surfing .
tr	0	I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League .
tr	0	In the past , Quinn had been more ambitious .
tr	0	He appears to have retired to Stratford around 1613 at age 49 , where he died three years later .
tr	0	Breyer horse , miniature/ model replica
tr	0	I never stayed in tents in the middle of nowhere , in my life so I would prefer something more realistic and new .
tr	0	- Primary Rights 4-12 .doc
tr	0	I ca n't imagine they wanted to do this .
tr	0	FYI - See rows 49-53 ; columns E-J for our group .
tr	0	What 's going on dude ?
tr	0	Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .
tr	0	GOODWYN : Archibald says that two months before the election , in September of '72 , Red Blount 's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over Mr. Bush 's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties .
tr	0	And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .
tr	0	`` Oh shit , you — I mean , you never ... ''
tr	0	And if Steven didn ’ t see it as weird , or no weirder than Andy showing us his Eastern-Block beer caps all laid out neatly on cork boards with little hand-written labels , why should it bother us ?
tr	0	Pointe-à-Pitre : with its suburbs , it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe
tr	0	The other ladies had a similar experience , both had nail polish on a couple of toes .
tr	0	If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .
tr	0	The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump .
tr	0	It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .
tr	0	Also that year , she briefly appeared in Disney 's The Muppets , as Miss Piggy 's receptionist .
tr	0	Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank ... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards .
tr	0	Bisconti wanted over $ 300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $ 90 !
tr	0	They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al-Sahhaf .
tr	0	After that , when the show was finished , I was going to the theatre restaurant , and a man that works there told me that it was closed , and he do n't want to give me reasons .
tr	0	a parakeet is friendlier
tr	0	Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
tr	0	Tuesday , March 8 , 2011
tr	0	In that period we were n't getting on with .
tr	0	I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’ s the basic doctrine .
tr	0	She highly recommended him and described him as the `` Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ... .very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions '' .
tr	0	However , we have to consider about our nature and human-being .
tr	0	I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great..
tr	0	Fill empty spaces with additional paper .
tr	0	Cloaking himself in Yasser Arafat 's legacy , Abbas pledged to fulfill Palestinian dreams of statehood .
tr	0	In `` The Growth of Modern Finance '' , Robin Greenwood and David Scharfstein of Harvard Business School show that the share of finance in US GDP almost doubled between 1980 and 2006 , just before the onset of the financial crisis , from 4.9 % to 8.3 % .
tr	0	Balzac ( 20 May 1799-18 August 1850 ) was a French novelist and playwright .
tr	0	The body acted almost exactly as the voice had : machine-like , fitful , alternating between slow and rapid gestures , rigid and yet expressive , as if the operation were out of control , not quite corresponding to the will that lay behind it .
tr	0	And how much money I am going to need to have there with me ?
tr	0	She died on November 23 , 1896 , at the age of twenty-four .
tr	0	People now had the chance to move to far away places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home-countryside .
tr	0	Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation ( big dance that she and I are committed to help with ) , the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion .
tr	0	$ 10.9m - Average wealth of the members of Bush 's original 16-person cabinet .
tr	0	Then he crossed the room to Hedwig 's cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray .
tr	0	The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May .
tr	0	Preseason Game A : Saturday , May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami SOL
tr	0	In May 2004 , Patrick Hughes , Lieutenant General ( Retired ) , Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis , Homeland Security Department testified before the 9/11 Commission .
tr	0	That 's right , said Quinn .
tr	0	On par with Google Adwords on a cost-per-lead and cost-per-customer basis .
tr	0	Posted by Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM
tr	0	He felt like taking Auster in his arms and declaring his friendship for life .
tr	0	Enjoy yourself my friend ! !
tr	0	After my sampler & sandwich , I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout , I must say I was impressed , with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me , I think this is better , its less dry & smoother !
tr	0	My insurance company , Blue Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine .
tr	0	An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .
tr	0	-more fun activities
tr	0	In addition to this , I heard bad singers and noticed a numertable lack of variety in ballets .
tr	0	The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .
tr	0	The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .
tr	0	A symbolic inheritance .
tr	0	Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .
tr	0	Because it 's easy to manage the artist schedule and audience can enjoy the live .
tr	0	you will need to get his box and bowls , and whatever blanket and toys are his , and smell like home , and put him in a room .
tr	0	`` Well , '' says the boy , `` because it would n't be an accident , and it certainly would n't be a great loss ! ''
tr	0	Zawahiri , Al Qaeda 's # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda 's biochemical program .
tr	0	I want to do surfing too because I like snowboarding and I think surfing make similar sensations , but I have never practised that sport .
tr	0	In the District Council ( Second ) functional constituency , commonly know as `` Super District Council '' seats , pan-democracy camp 's Kwong Chun-yu of the Democratic Party received 491,667 votes , the highest in this constituency .
tr	0	That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .
tr	0	Officials face a simple choice :
tr	0	As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .
tr	0	Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue .
tr	0	We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .
tr	0	Libertarians share many policy positions with each of the major parties .
tr	0	A NATO spokesman said : `` There 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .
tr	0	Hope you find out soon : )
tr	0	They should have discussed a bland diet with you , including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting .
tr	0	i emailed you saaaaaam .
tr	0	You will have a good time for shopping .
tr	0	What I would like to know about what kinds of clothes are suit the season in the U.S.A and how much money do I should bring the camp .
tr	0	Also look up the kingston family .
tr	0	Will it be possible to join a surf school ?
tr	0	Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts—their main concern .
tr	0	He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home !
tr	0	The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .
tr	0	I suggest to wear shirts and jeans .
tr	0	Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .
tr	0	Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .
tr	0	You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .
tr	0	That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .
tr	0	SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES .
tr	0	I ask you if is it possible to have my money back , please , because I want to forgot that expense .
tr	0	2005 will be a year of ups and downs , and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy !
tr	0	I do n't want to have to deal with those deal-a-day websites like Groupon .
tr	0	there 's these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe .
tr	0	Sara , trading is still not settled .
tr	0	You want to fly ? ”
tr	0	The baseline data that I use to --
tr	0	( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )
tr	0	they r open mind for talk ?
tr	0	“ Stop that now ! ” came the voice again .
tr	0	With divisions , EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .
tr	0	EDIT : My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time .
tr	0	“ They ’ re going to give you an injection . ”
tr	0	The queue is not only the problem if you go by car there is parking problem , if you go by bus there is again queue and you have to carry many carry bag carrier bags during the your journey and you wo n't be alway luky to find a seat to seat .
tr	0	As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .
tr	0	It is very important for us to know that .
tr	0	Tie partner ’ s hands with a silk scarf .
tr	0	I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .
tr	0	Most of all , my daughter loves it !
tr	0	This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .
tr	0	modern m16 is best
tr	0	Maybe I make you the manager , said the counterman .
tr	0	Dear Mr Potter ,
tr	0	This will help keep them from twisting up during the wash .
tr	0	Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in ( many of them still unresolved as I left ) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds , after I left . . . . as soon as I could .
tr	0	I worked with some great musicians and performed around the world .
tr	0	After the show , I went to visit your restaurant as suggested on the advertisement but when I got there it was closed .
tr	0	Al-Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .
tr	0	They gave the best service & rates I could find .
tr	0	Holt started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox .
tr	0	But maybe the shape of the clothes will changed : large pants as `` baggy `` , or trousers with many pockets as we see today .
tr	0	Life at The Burrow was as different as possible from life in Privet Drive .
tr	0	These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .
tr	0	Even prolonged eye contact seems to have an effect .
tr	0	This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-89 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-89 Level 1 compliant .
tr	0	The great Golden Gate that will open when the Redeemer appears stands sealed .
tr	0	psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
tr	0	Derrick did a terrible job , was a complete jerk the entire time , and I had no warning as to the price .
tr	0	I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower : ) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !
tr	0	If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .
tr	0	I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .
tr	0	I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .
tr	0	But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .
tr	0	Basil does not tolerate frost so do n't plant too early .
tr	0	One small container of pureed fruit is sufficient for flavoring ( the little containers that children take to school in their lunchboxes . )
tr	0	As such , we have a CPA , Larry Lewis , working with us to audit and set up transition files .
tr	0	`` Why should I ? ''
tr	0	I used to be , said Quinn .
tr	0	The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody , including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach Weiner .
tr	0	John somehow obtained Polish seaman 's papers , and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters .
tr	0	Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen/thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .
tr	0	Thank you , Mr Poettering .
tr	0	The moon is nearly full .
tr	0	On March 13 , Professor Chomsky sat down with Michael Dranove for an interview in his MIT office in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
tr	0	In those days it was all or nothing .
tr	0	For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .
tr	0	There 's lots of towns called Miramar , it 'd help alot if you listed a state or some sort of context you 're looking for it in .
tr	0	The special tickets were excellent because we could enjoy arts without worrying about money .
tr	0	Because of the quality of the evening I spent , the only thing you can do is giving me back at least the half of the cost of ticket .
tr	0	Computer , probably the must versatile invention , allows me to get an access to huge informatonal sources through the internet , to make shopping without leaving my house , to do my work more effectively and quickly .
tr	0	From my point of view , I think people will wear more clothes that are see-through in particular .
tr	0	Food is always good
tr	0	Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .
tr	0	Look at Turkey , who is knocking on the doors of the united Europe .
tr	0	I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .
tr	0	That night I went to the stadium and I met the singer
tr	0	They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
tr	0	The German tourists had gone home , the bathing cabins were nailed shut .
tr	0	WHO WANTS TO HELP MILLIONS FOR UNITED WAY ?
tr	0	“ S ’ not my fault .
tr	0	On September 21 , 2004 , the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005 .
tr	0	I am also writing to ask for your permission to go to the London Fashion and Leisure show , which would be on Tuesday 14 March .
tr	0	Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .
tr	0	Mount laser sights on away by removing the hand grip .
tr	0	They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls .
tr	0	I 've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way ! !
tr	0	I 'll be back on Monday .
tr	0	I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did .
tr	0	Does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where I ca n't get lost ?
tr	0	He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .
tr	0	Before I go on holiday I use internet to book or get details from travel agency , which means I could save my time and physical energy .
tr	0	I would like to ask about the money .
tr	0	GOODWYN : Far from Texas and Washington , DC , Mr. Bush enjoyed his freedom .
tr	0	With hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .
tr	0	I went to your show called `` Over The Rainbow `` and I was really disappointing in many points .
tr	0	07/30/2001 05:17 PM
tr	0	We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions .
tr	0	4 - easy .
tr	0	Do you have any current info on deal status ?
tr	0	One path is quite risky :
tr	0	03/15/2001 04:11 PM
tr	0	some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box .
tr	0	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum
tr	0	The success American Motors ' compact-sized Rambler models spurred GM and Ford to introduce their own downsized cars in 1960 .
tr	0	But i like different stiles of art .
tr	0	He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .
tr	0	No longer a throwback to the Seventies , flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again .
tr	0	negotiation ( i.e. , emotional responses ) and tactical negotiation ( i.e. , cognitive , or reasoned responses ) .
tr	0	And your booking staff did n't know this obviously as they took our booking , with no problems whatsoever .
tr	0	Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .
tr	0	Email : Roving Mouse < s ... @ tack.net >
tr	0	it is incredible , he said , and walked off .
tr	0	It 's a little bit like Achilles and the turtle .
tr	0	Thank you , Mr Kinnock .
tr	0	Torrey , as promised I have attached ARCO 's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreement .
tr	0	Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .
tr	0	Try Varkala , its a ammazing and is by the beach .
tr	0	68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .
tr	0	If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .
tr	0	Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .
tr	0	THIS IS NOT A SCAM ! ! !
tr	0	In Hong Kong 's High Court , two years later , Jutting appeared largely composed .
tr	0	In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
tr	0	I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .
tr	0	If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .
tr	0	Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .
tr	0	Can rabbits and chickens live together ?
tr	0	If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute , then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin .
tr	0	Words can be lethal .
tr	0	Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .
tr	0	I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we 're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA , and there is a minor credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well .
tr	0	Conclusion : I gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
tr	0	What 's that you 've got there ?
tr	0	The Donuts were very over proofed , making them stale and bready .
tr	0	I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .
tr	0	pairing up of harry and ginny is cool
tr	0	When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !
tr	0	When the cloud disperses , she ’ s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’ s upside-down overhangs .
tr	0	When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?
tr	0	Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation , it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other 's yarns – and even convictions .
tr	0	It has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces , using Iranian Embassies .
tr	0	I would choice photography and tennis .
tr	0	A short video , showed to the English class , must take into account all these aspects of the life of our school .
tr	0	Of course we had n't got enough points in the test to do it so .
tr	0	I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .
tr	0	Mix everything well .
tr	0	I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .
tr	0	she needs to develop a personality !
tr	0	Wellywood looks rather cheap and tacky
tr	0	At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .
tr	0	Also I got two questions to ask you .
tr	0	The incident is a reminiscent of two other incidents .
tr	0	Can not wait to go gain .
tr	0	Do you speak a foreign language ?
tr	0	Wright is a friend of fellow director Garth Jennings , and made cameos in his films The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and Son of Rambow .
tr	0	Thank you for the invitation .
tr	0	The surgery itself is slick , modern and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands .
tr	0	You do n't know what it 's like here .
tr	0	In particular , annexes can not be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments .
tr	0	This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
tr	0	Everything is white and hospital-like but there ’ s no examining couch .
tr	0	`` Nothing Gold Can Stay '' , honey .
tr	0	This fact means that the European Parliament , the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically .
tr	0	Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !
tr	0	STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .
tr	0	He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant stomach ache .
tr	0	Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis @ enron.com
tr	0	I had a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .
tr	0	It would not be a good thing to blindly apply competition rules and risk endangering the efficiency of Community and national interventions .
tr	0	Bilboa on the north coast , Pamplona and the very famous Guernica .
tr	0	Bryan , you 're in , right ?
tr	0	Following the American Revolutionary War , L'Enfant established a successful and highly profitable civil engineering firm in New York City .
tr	0	Next , they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer .
tr	0	The results we got are very reliable .
tr	0	On the other hand , there are already machines that can replace our memory .
tr	0	Dear Judges , Lawyers , Policemen , Guards , Counselors , Taxpayers , et . al. ,
tr	0	`` Let ( Hamas ) consider me their striking arm in Iraq because the fate of Iraq and Palestine is the same , '' al-Sadr said during a Friday prayer sermon in Kufa , his home base south of Baghdad .
tr	0	It is not really good idea to go shopping if you do n't have enough time .
tr	0	We will meeting Rod 's office EB4054
tr	0	The conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .
tr	0	Last year , on a Saturday evening my boyfriend phone me at 20 h o'clock and said me , `` Would you like to go to the cinema with me `` I asked my parents but the said me `` No you ca n't go to the cinema , tomorrow you have school .
tr	0	You only got him yesterday .
tr	0	Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over `` aywv '' and do more gaming news .
tr	0	To any extent .
tr	0	Write me back soon and tell me about your impression ( I mean if you enjoyed the story or not ! )
tr	0	I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .
tr	0	Being an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada .
tr	0	I will do F.C.E in University of Cambridge and other tests in several subjects in my high school .
tr	0	George Bush : Lawman
tr	0	With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .
tr	0	He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .
tr	0	For the activities I would like to chose the Tennis activities , which I am not too bad at , and climbing , Which I have never done but must be interesting .
tr	0	he just has sweet-looking .
tr	0	She said that it was n't enough what Gold Fish had done for her .
tr	0	I got confused and disappointed again .
tr	0	no place to seat
tr	0	They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .
tr	0	But Dobby 's eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a hint .
tr	0	She turns back , watching where she ’ s going , and she needs to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots .
tr	0	I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know. ? ? ?
tr	0	Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades , but is now declining .
tr	0	Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
tr	0	I have a good level in swimming and I have done some competitions last year which I have won .
tr	0	Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .
tr	0	Things with me are great .
tr	0	So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect .
tr	0	One of the more interesting of the many highrise residential buildings in Fort Lee
tr	0	Also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in Para 3.that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax .
tr	0	GOODWYN : Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him .
tr	0	If your companion 's canopy has successfully opened , then both your chances of survival have dramatically increased .
tr	0	They gona show a latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and new hairstyles .
tr	0	This was after I brought the car ! ! ! ! !
tr	0	I 'm sorry to tell you , that I 'm really disappointed of your advertisment for the musical show in the Circle Theatre .
tr	0	We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .
tr	0	If we want do something , we can do it at night same as day .
tr	0	British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training .
tr	0	Lastly , I would like to learn that what kinds of clothes I have to bring with me and how much money ( American currency - dollars ) I 'll need to have while I 'm there .
tr	0	His last words to his younger brother Alfred were :
tr	0	Consequently , I proposed to change the programme as follows ; on Tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping , we could go to this show and we could go shopping on Wednesday afternoon , during our free time .
tr	0	When he went home on leave he rioted on a large scale – pompously . Jack ashore – with a difference – in externals only .
tr	0	In his career , Dvořák made nine invited visits to England , often conducting performances of his own works .
tr	0	This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .
tr	0	People with some faith .
tr	0	Nuria_R_Ibarra @ calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM
tr	0	Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .
tr	0	Does the distinction actually exist ?
tr	0	According to a post she made on the internet , Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
tr	0	`` And now you 're different .
tr	0	A handle ( 1.75 liters , about a half gallon ) of vodka per bag of Skittles
tr	0	07/17/2000 06:15 PM
tr	0	Thursday , May 7 , 2015
tr	0	SMALL BEER PRESS EASTHAMPTON , MASS .
tr	0	I have a camera which is a called Minolta X300 .
tr	0	03/29/2001 09:01 AM
tr	0	Holt with the Boston Red Sox
tr	0	a double-chinned , handsome dark blonde , the short high nose coming from the magnificent forehead , water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue deep into each cheek .
tr	0	No , it means only that the Jews , because they are Jews , have never been able to take the right to live as a natural right .
tr	0	Sara remembered the was golden fish .
tr	0	More specifically , they answered “ yes ” that the puppet described the pictures well .
tr	0	The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .
tr	0	What made things even worse was that the leading actor Danny Brook did not appear at the stage at all .
tr	0	But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect .
tr	0	Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .
tr	0	Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56 % of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53 % of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school .
tr	0	I do n't know , said Quinn , taking another bite .
tr	0	In addition to , the show did n't start at 20.15 ; so it ended at 23.45 and I could n't go to a meeting .
tr	0	Fashion is a part of our lives , even for those who will never reconize it .
tr	0	Thanks for the great care ! ! ! !
tr	0	I hope to have news about you as soon as possible
tr	0	Someone tapped him on the arm , and as Quinn wheeled to meet the assault , he saw a short , silent man holding out a green and red ballpoint pen to him .
tr	0	Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .
tr	0	Donald Wood for literally jumping over his own shadow and risking his life and that of his family in the process of reporting the vile crimes of the SA .
tr	0	I assume you are talking about a pacman frog .
tr	0	Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at you . [ 3 ]
tr	0	You can add a security question to your account from your Security Settings page :
tr	0	Based on the results of the 2011 Household Energy Consumption Survey ( HECS ) , electricity remains as the most common source of energy used by households particularly in the Philippines .
tr	0	It was Katha , a girl who had the same problems like Pat .
tr	0	Winter is definitely low season , with the occasional rainy or snowy day , but also an ideal time to save money while enjoying the city without countless other travelers and tourists .
tr	0	He explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .
tr	0	I want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
tr	0	Future research should explore the negotiation tactics observed in transmedia fans using the principles of De Certeau ’ s ( 1984 ) everyday life practice , in order to extend its application to the broader context of modern-day consumers .
tr	0	We are ex-cons , uninsured , homeless , of many colors and speaking many tongues .
tr	0	Let us make it clear that the collection of clothing for people in third countries who need it can continue .
tr	0	People will prefer to use confortable clothes , even to go to the office .
tr	0	You 've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 , friend Capricorn .
tr	0	Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants .
tr	0	They generally do not explode catastrophically .
tr	0	( you can take breaks if you have too ) and repeat the steps after about 2 hours .
tr	0	Do n't worry about avoiding temptation ... as you grow older , it will avoid you .
tr	0	After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .
tr	0	Sun . Sept. 24 - St. Tropez
tr	0	No , it 's true
tr	0	If they have been saying bad things about you , they may simply not like you .
tr	0	That means they are fighting .
tr	0	The President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he could n't even begin to try without nuclear weapons .
tr	0	very professional / very helpful
tr	0	They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !
tr	0	Simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .
tr	0	How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC ?
tr	0	Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .
tr	0	This difference is mainly due to the following :
tr	0	In that moment I was realy angry , so to calm down I went to the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , because of its bad cleaning and food .
tr	0	which I must have set thousands chairs correctly and after finishing I put them back nicely .
tr	0	You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .
tr	0	It would be great if we can choosen swimming and Golf .
tr	0	`` While he disdained the label of `` realist '' , Flaubert clearly took heed of Balzac 's close attention to detail and unvarnished depictions of bourgeois life .
tr	0	and it works !
tr	0	for three years he trained and worked at the office of Victor Passez , a family friend .
tr	0	I do n't think they ban if the tats are n't offensive and you should make them not noticeable at the time of the interview but once you got the job there nothing they can really say if so you have a sue/case against them
tr	0	In the staccato part it 's like a music : a lot of break , very very short sentences .
tr	0	I decided to go to see this show because of its starrings , but at the day I saw it , a different actor played .
tr	0	At just 20 , she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty .
tr	0	I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , `` If you think nice girls do n't do S & M , '' -- I forgot what the rest of it said --
tr	0	Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .
tr	0	The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .
tr	0	Arab boys are racing their donkeys down the hill .
tr	0	so we did , but unforturnily it was close and I was so dissapointed about it , nor only that we have expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring .
tr	0	However , my classmates and I saw the advertisement with regarding the London fashion and leisure show , which is enclosed , and want to take this opportunity to visit it , if you allow us .
tr	0	“ It ’ s not a joke . ”
tr	0	And so he is .
tr	0	2 - Number of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office .
tr	0	In 1538 the Spanish Inquisition cautioned its members not to believe everything the Malleus said .
tr	0	I visited the damaged area of the 1999 storm near Bhubaneshwar in the summer of 2012 for an invited symposium and summer school on tropical cyclones [ ... ] sponsored by the Indian government .
tr	0	Anne , please , include this info in Iris ' file
tr	0	Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .
tr	0	While we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline . ?
tr	0	he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
tr	0	Dinner was also an up-and-down experience .
tr	0	With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .
tr	0	But , when they heard a scream , they stopped and , when they saw a shadow coming forward them , they started running , hearing a voice saying : `` Our secret ! ``
tr	0	They are like family .
tr	0	Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
tr	0	she was very angry and hurt .
tr	0	Please join our growing family ! ! ! ! : - )
tr	0	So please update whatever you need to and go to
tr	0	I dont know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .
tr	0	At the moment Shalev is in Levico Terme , Trento , Italy for a conference .
tr	0	In spite of everything , it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this .
tr	0	Should communism sweep Italy , would the Pope move to Jerusalem ?
tr	0	So , the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .
tr	0	Hold the chicken down on a flat surface .
tr	0	Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .
tr	0	Last thing , send me a million dollars , I 'm tired of working .
tr	0	While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
tr	0	for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish ! !
tr	0	We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .
tr	0	Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .
tr	0	In the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
tr	0	We have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .
tr	0	Great Place To Use The Fix appliances Plumbing Air Conditioning & Electric Problems .
tr	0	I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I did n't submit my timesheet yet .
tr	0	The harmonisation of national laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to trade and unfair competition .
tr	0	Are they serious ?
tr	0	Write ( or call ) an Asian airline directly and get the answer immediately .
tr	0	Further to our conversation , please see attached sample agreements .
tr	0	At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .
tr	0	2 . The attachment of the Development Agreement is a Jeff question .
tr	0	the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .
tr	0	In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .
tr	0	DO NOT go here..thank you
tr	0	`` paulhastings.com '' made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55
tr	0	`` If China 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , '' Jason Kindopp , Eurasia 's lead China analyst , said .
tr	0	They were very interesting and we liked him so much .
tr	0	The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of his workers .
tr	0	Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .
tr	0	There are also plans for new harbor facilities that will allow fisherman to sell and catch more easily and make importing food and fuel simpler .
tr	0	About 87 percent of 21.0 million households used electricity from March to August 2011 .
tr	0	Please respond to request below .
tr	0	He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House .
tr	0	92 - Percentage of Iraq 's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002 .
tr	0	We met back in high school .
tr	0	And those simple themes are n't really themes about the complex science of what 's going on , but things that we all pretty well know .
tr	0	Apart from this , another disadvantage is the pollution we all live with in the majority of cities , being able to breath fresh air several days a month when we go to the country .
tr	0	China wanted an overland route through its own territory , which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out .
tr	0	It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard .
tr	0	Since then , his successor , Christine Lagarde , has helped to restore the Fund 's reputation – and to return coverage of its programs and activities to newspapers ' dry and unemotional business sections .
tr	0	There were two classes of each grade , starting at the sixth and going down to the first .
tr	0	I 'd just like to know if the tents at the camp are based on sharing and how many people is there in one tent .
tr	0	It was in the park , too , that Stillman rested .
tr	0	Hosting a huge financial center , with outsize domestic banks , can be costly to taxpayers .
tr	0	9.3m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004 .
tr	0	Net to Eco about $ 3,300,000 ( Enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )
tr	0	See our web page at '' http : //www.radianz.com
tr	0	After living a life of constant weeping and prayer in solitude , Pachomius forgave Theodorus and allowed him to live among the brothers once more .
tr	0	In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .
tr	0	In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .
tr	0	Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'mon ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?
tr	0	I am Peter Stillman .
tr	0	She was bony and rough-skinned and bent like an old crow , with a blue silk scarf and hanks of hair as black as soot .
tr	0	VCU also offers high-rise living for students and professors , and the historic yet fixed-up houses in the Fan are also available to students , professors , or even people wanting to live in a safe , viable community .
tr	0	Its all interesting stuff .
tr	0	If you should miss a meal , you also missed a great show .
tr	0	Its splendour is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .
tr	0	Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun .
tr	0	Iguazu is NOT a country ... .
tr	0	These are some of the things I 've been wondering ...
tr	0	[ edit - and she most be very new to modeling , because she does look unsure of her poses )
tr	0	Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .
tr	0	It is not necessary to imagine things , you can travel all around just making a click with your mouse and you are there .
tr	0	By that point we had clinched it .
tr	0	More personal freedom ?
tr	0	It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .
tr	0	Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities , Inc. Telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 Facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev @ funb.com < mailto : vijay.suchdev @ funb.com >
tr	0	OK , now that I 've got your attention - I really am offering free lunch !
tr	0	I just received your letter and decided you to write back now ; because of your questions which were about the rules .
tr	0	It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .
tr	0	Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems .
tr	0	There were so many possibilities , he could not even begin .
tr	0	God , I don ’ t know !
tr	0	Secondly , I would be appreciate if I could stay in log cabins at Camp .
tr	0	It means Japanese are planning for the future home .
tr	0	location and the impact of the location
tr	0	But really you must see it , the position of the cathedral give you a somenthing special a big tranquility .
tr	0	I would like to stay in log cabins because I have bad experiens about tents .
tr	0	The ones that I made changes to are in red .
tr	0	It had known the ships and the men .
tr	0	It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .
tr	0	Monday 's starting next week at 4 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
tr	0	Did it very well , too , no doubt , and without thinking much about it either , except afterwards to brag of what he had gone through in his time , perhaps .
tr	0	Remember seeing `` Stop Making Sense '' at Cinema 21 multiple times !
tr	0	However , I only will able to go to there on July 2001 because I have a job which is extreme busy work .
tr	0	He and the next brother , Charlie , had already left Hogwarts .
tr	0	Change of boarding station ?
tr	0	If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .
tr	0	And MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :
tr	0	The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children .
tr	0	Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium-lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .
tr	0	However , they can remain dangerous storms due to very heavy rains and subsequent landslides , and river flooding .
tr	0	Holly is very experienced and talented , and I could tell she new what she was doing right off the bat .
tr	0	But in Golf I am a beginner .
tr	0	The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .
tr	0	So I can start saving now hehe
tr	0	I said I should have to learn my way round all over again .
tr	0	I do n't know if it is good or bad but we are a generation who 's grown up with technologies progress .
tr	0	cockerspaniels are retarded .
tr	0	90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
tr	0	It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it 's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .
tr	0	I had my passage on a little sea-going steamer .
tr	0	Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .
tr	0	and around what time they eat each of their meals .
tr	0	Leonardo Pacheco ext . 39938
tr	0	By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .
tr	0	3 Days For get that ...
tr	0	Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years
tr	0	Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .
tr	0	And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .
tr	0	If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong !
tr	0	Maybe they do n't like the precise nature of mathematics .
tr	0	-- -- -== Over 100,000 Newsgroups - 19 Different Servers ! = -- -- -
tr	0	unique gifts and cards
tr	0	On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .
tr	0	John Shakespeare 's house , believed to be Shakespeare 's birthplace , in Stratford-upon-Avon .
tr	0	The Commission has already established a number of actions to help them .
tr	0	However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was `` madness .
tr	0	Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed .
tr	0	Exclaim that you 've lost a beast .
tr	0	It is really fasinating to challenge waves .
tr	0	Heavy oily drops bounced from leaf to grass to dusty ground , gathering in stems and folds on the way .
tr	0	I called it Character , walks and words .
tr	0	I know that 's ugly ... but she wo n't help you out for anything ... sad story .
tr	0	01/26/2001 12:48 PM
tr	0	Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .
tr	0	Canadians are the exception , getting 90 days on arrival and can apply for a 90 day extension .
tr	0	It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .
tr	0	If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go : ) hope that answered your question .
tr	0	I have been arguing for several years that Germany should accept the responsibilities and liabilities of its dominant position in Europe .
tr	0	Although not a resolver of the conflict , the French victory at the Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time .
tr	0	Last saturday evening I spent a wonderful time .
tr	0	1/2 teaspoon salt ( Optional )
tr	0	Its sounds easy , just for the light .
tr	0	Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes .
tr	0	It 's an entirely up and down experience , however .
tr	0	The gal from the wedding was pretty hot .
tr	0	When all money had gone from a bank , nobady there except Pat .
tr	0	Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .
tr	0	I am glad to provide all information
tr	0	Get a guinea pig .
tr	0	I am writing to complain about the musical show I went last week .
tr	0	`` The Sri Lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the LTTE from starting one .
tr	0	Quinn pushed the door open , walked through the lobby , and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor .
tr	0	I cried for days straight , eating and sleeping very little .
tr	0	He did make a point , however , of leaving her `` my second best bed '' , a bequest that has led to much speculation .
tr	0	The game is already 100 % functional .
tr	0	He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years ( before the next election in 1968 ) .
tr	0	A few months ago .
tr	0	He was friends with Théophile Gautier and Pierre-Marie-Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette , and he knew Victor Hugo .
tr	0	cost of the U.S. in money and men ?
tr	0	Thanks a lot .
tr	0	Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .
tr	0	I am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe though I can make an educated guess at them .
tr	0	The Court of Justice shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .
tr	0	When not in Texas , I lived in LA and San Francisco .
tr	0	We just want to be able to bring , like she said , bring light into the entertainment and into the media industry , specifically is what we do .
tr	0	If Samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the US for some time to come .
tr	0	More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .
tr	0	Maybe you can think I am excessive but recent studies prouves that this mania can be really dangerous .
tr	0	He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President
tr	0	Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents .
tr	0	After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish .
tr	0	I would n't send my dogs there .
tr	0	Great Family Fun and Bonding
tr	0	We did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
tr	0	Well , that would be sad .
tr	0	As the seal around your gums and teeth was pretty solid , you thought it would never come off , as the others giggled at your expressions and grimaces .
tr	0	If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase
tr	0	The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .
tr	0	Last but not last , I would like to thank you for devoting yourself to making this festival wonderful every year .
tr	0	This only serves their purposes .
tr	0	The best analogy I ’ ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .
tr	0	PRINCETON – German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble recently declared that the European Union has `` moved sovereignty to the European level '' – a startling claim , given that European governments seem to be pursuing their national interests more aggressively than at any time since World War II .
tr	0	If you can not wait you should book an earlier flight .
tr	0	In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .
tr	0	One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .
tr	0	The show is going to be at the Central Exhibition Hall the 14th of March from 10.00 to 19.00 .
tr	0	He prayed to himself for deliverance .
tr	0	Best pedi mani Ive ever had .
tr	0	The best person is the valet .
tr	0	The modern technology has changed our daily life .
tr	0	I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .
tr	0	But when the Senate answered him definitively by prohibiting him from competing at the consolate and giving him the option of either withdrawing his troops or becoming a public enemy , he understood that , whatever alternative he chose , he would surrender unarmed into the hands of his political enemies .
tr	0	In 1599 , a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of the River Thames , which they called the Globe .
tr	0	Although the photography is not as good as the singing , I am very interested in it .
tr	0	The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate .
tr	0	That he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .
tr	0	Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .
tr	0	Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies , as required by federal regulations .
tr	0	This is where you can get AND change express train tickets .
tr	0	But the most important things to enjoy shopping is not to use every money which you have .
tr	0	Someone had put up a board with a collage of blown-up pictures of Mweta – speaking , laughing , yawning , touching a piece of machinery with curiosity , leaving , arriving , even threatening .
tr	0	However , then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .
tr	0	I am very sorry to say it was definitely not a perfect evening out , and I am therefore asking you a refund of the amount I paid , or part of it .
tr	0	Serves FREE breakfast !
tr	0	He sat there dumbly in his seat , looking back at Stillman .
tr	0	If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
tr	0	Cars , boats , motobikes , airplanes : Who did never use this once ?
tr	0	Because the book after all is an attack on the dangers of the make-believe .
tr	0	Unlike distributed computing projects like SETI @ home , Stardust @ home relies entirely on human intelligence .
tr	0	oh god is there an agenda .
tr	0	Even the mainland school groups that fly there for school camps , and choose to stay at Kopinga Marae [ 1 ] get value for money by chartering a flight one way .
tr	0	Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so-called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .
tr	0	If your French is good/moderate , then head to Paris without a doubt .
tr	0	If you can make it , please come !
tr	0	eReader Tablet Comparison ; B & N Nook Tablet , B & N Nook Color , Kindle Fire , HTC Flyer
tr	0	Image : Andy Warhol .
tr	0	A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you .
tr	0	While the impact of a translation may be close to the original , there can be no identity in detail .
tr	0	I must admit that you are very successful about finding good stars .
tr	0	When we arrived , the were a lot of people , the pace was beatiful , all seemed perfect .
tr	0	but in the end they might feel the same
tr	0	That makes it much easier to find places than in cities where streets go every which way .
tr	0	“ I think I ’ ve got a fairy stuck up my nose . ”
tr	0	I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the 'nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .
tr	0	Musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002 , risking war twice that year .
tr	0	I hope you understand my complains .
tr	0	Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?
tr	0	We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone .
tr	0	What about Manson 's tees bearing the message , `` Kill your parents '' .
tr	0	Yes my G1 screen is back working .
tr	0	Two of the enemy twitched at my feet .
tr	0	Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .
tr	0	the scene of a young man coming into the city to find his fortune is ubiquitous in the realist novel , and appears repeatedly in Balzac 's works , such as Illusions Perdues .
tr	0	There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .
tr	0	The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
tr	0	It must be very exhausted to have the medias around you days and nights because you ca n't be yourself , you have to show your best side and character .
tr	0	I think that in 100 years from now , the clothes fashion will be totaly different .
tr	0	That is the line taken in the reports before you today .
tr	0	I would prefer to have accommodation in log cabins because I like to be comfortable and I do n't like to be lied down on the floor inside a tent .
tr	0	Thank you for your time .
tr	0	Create a to-do list .
tr	0	Will we need a passport ?
tr	0	I am a college student .
tr	0	I should have a list of post-id 's for you by 4:30 today .
tr	0	In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophet , Zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling `` lies '' about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the United States in connection with expelling the Russians from Afghanistan .
tr	0	Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .
tr	0	Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers ?
tr	0	But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !
tr	0	Then , surfing in internet is becoming my passion : it 's incredible how many unthinkable activities you can do with it .
tr	0	This step seems trivial , but it is really the most important part !
tr	0	Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .
tr	0	After a visit to British Museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away !
tr	0	Insert a candle and it gives light only to the holder !
tr	0	Balzac concerned himself overwhelmingly with the darker essence of human nature and the corrupting influence of middle and high societies .
tr	0	The results show the anti-establishment camp successfully maintained a majority in the geographical constituencies ' seats thus veto power to any members ' bills , and also a minority larger than a third to veto any bills featuring major political reforms .
tr	0	I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .
tr	0	Gray and sunken , in the thoughts of Mr Bloom in Joyce 's Ulysses .
tr	0	Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York City bar about a popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum .
tr	0	However , I 've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different .
tr	0	There is a academic building .
tr	0	She also refused to get a manager .
tr	0	I had gone to the show which according to the advertisement was supposed to begin at 19:30 , but the show did not start until 20:15 .
tr	0	If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .
tr	0	If you are looking for authentic British meat pies , then look know further .
tr	0	The overall amount was 6500 tonnes of canned tomatoes .
tr	0	Simon Krätschmer gropes around alone through the dilapidated , sinister barrack .
tr	0	Stay on the bus until the `` Montparnasse Bienvenue '' stop .
tr	0	Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European Parliament and the Council , by 30 June 2005 :
tr	0	In his 1840 novel Le Notaire , he wrote that a young person in the legal profession sees `` the oily wheels of every fortune , the hideous wrangling of heirs over corpses not yet cold , the human heart grappling with the Penal Code . ''
tr	0	But word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachines etc .
tr	0	The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .
tr	0	This happened very quickly , and I wanted to make sure that I let everyone know before I left .
tr	0	I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical `` Rent '' and it was wonderful .
tr	0	See How to Be a Snitch in Quidditch for more information .
tr	0	WHY : Today is John 's last day at EBS .
tr	0	The new NCL Epic does sound amazing , although I have n't sailed on her yet .
tr	0	He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .
tr	0	Thanks for following me around the store
tr	0	These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity .
tr	0	I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .
tr	0	Marie Galante : the biggest island out of mainland Guadeloupe .
tr	0	Shakespeare uses it , for example , to convey the turmoil in Hamlet 's mind .
tr	0	When I read your letter I was surprised because I did n't know that you have so many rules both at school and at home .
tr	0	Lest you be lame ! ! !
tr	0	Stop complaining about lack of money and let 's start working to have a new world .
tr	0	If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .
tr	0	Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf .
tr	0	They would be sinthetic clothes , I think made of plastic or something similar . ``
tr	0	They also had a special connection to some extremists in Jordan and Germany .
tr	0	Oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .
tr	0	Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play .
tr	0	I then asked if I could have money back in cash .
tr	0	Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .
tr	0	Can you and Tom join us ?
tr	0	And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .
tr	0	his Captain Ahab in Moby-Dick is a classic tragic hero , inspired by King Lear .
tr	0	Everyday , something changes and we become more modern
tr	0	Not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment ?
tr	0	Finally , I would like to ask you to give some money back to me .
tr	0	A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five-star .
tr	0	But it looks like Google is n't opening it 's mouth about the reason behind the offer as Linux News reports :
tr	0	Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .
tr	0	Thus when Sally asked her not to reveal the secret , Pat ran away , when home , locked herself in her bedroom .
tr	0	I could n't possibly accept it .
tr	0	Secondly , if you live in a big city , the things always expensive .
tr	0	Are you really ?
tr	0	He will learn to really like this .
tr	0	These are very fundamental points for the future .
tr	0	There are raisons d'etat and there are private crimes .
tr	0	Are we ready to execute ?
tr	0	Two empty coffee cups sat on the table between them .
tr	0	“ Owwww ! ” I howled .
tr	0	There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500 !
tr	0	However I think that it could be better if you could rearrange little details .
tr	0	Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we ca n't and where they are ?
tr	0	Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle .
tr	0	< < Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc > >
tr	0	While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .
tr	0	It doesn ’ t have a moment .
tr	0	What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .
tr	0	Monday , March 27 , 2006
tr	0	She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .
tr	0	Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .
tr	0	I am thinking 4 slides at the most .
tr	0	He snatched up Hedwig 's cage , dashed to the window and passed it out to Ron .
tr	0	This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end .
tr	0	And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . ''
tr	0	After a good few minutes , he asked : `` what do you want ? ''
tr	0	It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .
tr	0	The doctor , a woman I don ’ t know , is sitting in the other chair .
tr	0	The servants from the Moon picked her up to the Moon .
tr	0	It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .
tr	0	Im really looking forward to Guild Wars .
tr	0	Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .
tr	0	It doesn ’ t matter .
tr	0	Visit Capt . Spastic 's Joke List for all the information and options : < >
tr	0	Descriptions and Links at http : //www.UnitaryExecutive.net
tr	0	As if America 's two-hundred-year record of liberal democracy signified nothing .
tr	0	A taint of imbecile rapacity blew through it all , like a whiff from some corpse .
tr	0	There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries . ?
tr	0	I am really happy to receive letter about Camp California from you .
tr	0	I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .
tr	0	But I found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind .
tr	0	It is spectacular .
tr	0	First of all , you must walk down to the Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number two that goes directly to the college .
tr	0	It 's actually one of the alternative therapies for EPM
tr	0	The first thing I do every day , when I get up , is to prepare fantastic cappuccino with my coffe machine .
tr	0	I found them extremely professional and would highly recommend them .
tr	0	Vegan icing of your choice
tr	0	If you knew what kind of `` meat '' they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .
tr	0	Bilbray joined the `` gouging '' band wagon .
tr	0	Six weeks of basic training .
tr	0	I can seldom get up much interest in such cases and objects .
tr	0	Great first experience .
tr	0	I pray that you understand our plight .
tr	0	Thank you or your feed back .
tr	0	You can make the word 'pen ' as 'penn ' or even 'pen ' .
tr	0	The secularist magazine MicroMega describe the court 's judgement as historic .
tr	0	He could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .
tr	0	Choose to pay only when people click ( CPC ) or see people your advert ( CPM ) .
tr	0	She is sitting next to me , we started to chat more and more , then we became good friends .
tr	0	They got out of the car .
tr	0	Arial photos , loose connections to AQ Kahn and Libya make up the evidence that the group presented .
tr	0	Our fellow citizens ' days and nights are becoming increasingly noisy .
tr	0	Can you please help with this one ?
tr	0	The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .
tr	0	First of all our class would like to give you our special thanks about the programme you gave us yesterday afternoon .
tr	0	My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .
tr	0	Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair @ enron.com
tr	0	Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .
tr	0	But when I was fifteen my favourite book `` Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie `` .
tr	0	I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help ! ! ! !
tr	0	No one will give me a date .
tr	0	Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .
tr	0	Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .
tr	0	With help from the American Civil Liberties Union , they eventually challenged the state , in a case that eventually went to the U.S. Supreme Court .
tr	0	They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-August .
tr	0	`` Ian is old friends with your teacher , from back when they were both with the survey .
tr	0	How to Stop Procrastinating
tr	0	Place into the oven .
tr	0	Moreover , many sport activities are performed in our school : swimming , tennis , gym , jogging and so on .
tr	0	At Kano a huge moon shone and in a light brighter than a European winter afternoon the passengers made their way across the tarmac at three in the morning against the resistance of a heat of the day persisting all through the night as the sun persists in a stone it has warmed .
tr	0	I do not think , however , that this report has come too late .
tr	0	Quinn would make a clean breast of it , Auster would forgive him , and together they would work to save Peter Stillman .
tr	0	I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed
tr	0	Well , you see , the notion drove me .
tr	0	Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil marriage ; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage .
tr	0	When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .
tr	0	Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .
tr	0	It was a well-kept place , with polished doorknobs and clean glass , and it had an air of bourgeois sobriety that appealed to Quinn at that moment .
tr	0	Shake every 15 minutes .
tr	0	It will vanish and shrink .
tr	0	How much should I be looking at for horse transportation ?
tr	0	Groups : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
tr	0	Highly recommended people / business .
tr	0	Quality has fallen over the years , but still the best go-to burger place on the East Bay .
tr	0	But not at a risk to other people 's pets .
tr	0	Oh , I never see them , he remarked ; 'and , moreover , the changes take place inside , you know .
tr	0	He reshaped each plot to create several centres of interest and to show as many sides of a narrative to the audience as possible .
tr	0	`` Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , '' said Don Quixote .
tr	0	I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .
tr	0	the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .
tr	0	Save money and go somewhere else !
tr	0	Agriculture only provides 5.5 % of employment in the Union .
tr	0	We do everything backwards here .
tr	0	But both knew that , in those days , the important thing was to give Adamson Mweta faith in himself by positing a future that was real because you , a white person with nothing personal to gain by it , showed you believed it would come about .
tr	0	`` Neal S. Manne '' < NMANNE @ SusmanGodfrey.com >
tr	0	Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra : BABA NAM KEVALAM .
tr	0	Someone told me that Chase is planning a shitload of layoffs .
tr	0	Just give us the gold and we ’ ll let you go … ”
tr	0	There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific .
tr	0	We love T 's Cafe !
tr	0	She was n't very surprised and soon I 've forgotten her question .
tr	0	It is a surprice !
tr	0	This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
tr	0	2 ) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government .
tr	0	The little creature on the bed had large , bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls .
tr	0	It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .
tr	0	53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who do n't know the population of the United States .
tr	0	In my opinion this are the most interesting things in our school .
tr	0	Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?
tr	0	I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .
tr	0	You have n't replaced the District Commissioner by appointing a district magistrate .
tr	0	It 's very difficult describing all emotion I felt .
tr	0	This is the high season for tourism ;
tr	0	Nevertheless , he did not spend as much time in salons and clubs as did many of his characters .
tr	0	It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .
tr	0	It 's incredible but if I think of the key-word of mind , the only one I can think of is ORDER .
tr	0	Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution .
tr	0	In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , `` The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .
tr	0	San Antonio , wow what a let down from the other cities .
tr	0	Facebook accounts are for individual use .
tr	0	I have never been there .
tr	0	I 'm doing fine .
tr	0	I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .
tr	0	After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions .
tr	0	I mean , that 's the way it works at amusement parks : the longest lines are at the best rides .
tr	0	I had read about it that was a very enjoyable show !
tr	0	Bottles of `` Skittled ''
tr	0	He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .
tr	0	I can say I am good at swimming , because in the club I used to be the first in all the competitions and climbing I used to climb trees , walls everything in my childhood without falling .
tr	0	If the US attacks Iran , it is probable that American forces - already taxed by attacks from Sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in Iraq from Shi'ite factions loyal to Iran .
tr	0	9 Chehel Sotoun ( The Palace of Forty Columns ) .
tr	0	This also would take more attraction to the festival .
tr	0	I would like the pre-meeting site cruise .
tr	0	This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .
tr	0	If you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then Faz will be able to help !
tr	0	Well maybe a miracle could happen , but lets face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !
tr	0	Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .
tr	0	The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044 .
tr	0	Thank you for your help .
tr	0	He urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise .
tr	0	And sampling the local rums is definitely worth the while .
tr	0	So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks , we brought the car back again .
tr	0	The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .
tr	0	Friends who do n't even write to Harry Potter ? said Dobby slyly .
tr	0	And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .
tr	0	You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .
tr	0	Since Hippocrates , people have been discussing how `` nature '' and `` nurture '' interact to shape a person 's development .
tr	0	We have free timer on Wednesday 15th of March in the afternoon so we can go to the Science Museum on Wednesday .
tr	0	Tayib Rauf , 21 , Birmingham
tr	0	I think it is an opportunity to meet different people ( even if they are pushing you ) , to understand what they like and what they do n't , because even some kind of food could be in fashing .
tr	0	How can we arrange it ?
tr	0	I do n't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect .
tr	0	Start of _The SOUND & the FURY_ : April 6 , 1928 Good Friday
tr	0	Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me .
tr	0	btw , they 're all from 4gamer .
tr	0	This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of his country .
tr	0	He says to me , `` Where there is no paradox there is no life . ''
tr	0	I CAN NOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him .
tr	0	Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’ s all part of the uncertainty principle .
tr	0	It would be great if the person from CHANT who started this page would put up a short description of the campaign and a list to this group page on the Action Network site .
tr	0	It was a brilliant , sunny day .
tr	0	I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .
tr	0	FYI , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al .
tr	0	As of 15:11 GMT the site was accessible again , but only loads at relatively slow speeds , and by the end of the day Saturday the site was not loading at all .
tr	0	Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .
tr	0	Yes , GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .
tr	0	An example would be 'ant ' for and or 'es ' or even 'loo ' for the word 'and ' .
tr	0	Based on everything listed above , I would like to recieve £ 10 , which I have paid , back .
tr	0	Jen , please take care of this for EGM
tr	0	Well , at first , I would like to travel only in July , because it 's my holidays here in Portugal .
tr	0	FYI , see below .
tr	0	I was wondering if you could give me some lesson while I am there .
tr	0	04/04/2001 09:27 AM
tr	0	For many of us , this includes small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life .
tr	0	Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
tr	0	So follow the link at the bottom and buy some blood sausages .
tr	0	Or , If you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minutes distance on foot from the hotel .
tr	0	Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere , know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest .
tr	0	Lighting plays a large part on the consumption of household electrical energy ; it consumes about 18 % of the total generated electricity of total energy consumption in residential sectors as shown in figure 2 [ 2 ] .
tr	0	I am very unhappy here .
tr	0	Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
tr	0	Our young men and women are volunteering for military service like never before .
tr	0	Also , there was said to be discounts for the ticket but I saw nothing like this .
tr	0	$ 80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent ( using Saddam 's confiscated funds ) to build the same factory , after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .
tr	0	Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book .
tr	0	Why not add some non Latin Characters such as ß ?
tr	0	This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from .
tr	0	It might be a great party for end of conference .
tr	0	The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt . Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .
tr	0	Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature .
tr	0	I felt as if I should help her sleep .
tr	0	So , men have invented machines to help him on his tasks , but nowadays , we our becoming slaves of them .
tr	0	Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .
tr	0	I sure do , I sure do .
tr	0	You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new `` supplies '' from expanding the tumor .
tr	0	The Yas Marina Circuit website has exact timings .
tr	0	He married Althea Lucille Sprague , who died in 1993 .
tr	0	But the wellbeing of Ukrainian democracy is not what Putin has in mind ;
tr	0	It specifically discusses in several passages the socially and culturally degenerative effects of war on humanity itself .
tr	0	It 's without a doubt , the best service experience I 've ever had and just to be clear , the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville 's price for putting on the other rear tire .
tr	0	They drank whisky there , or even the coffee after dinner .
tr	0	I would like to tell you some suggestions .
tr	0	One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .
tr	0	It 's not an exaggeration to say that what they 're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social system in place of a paternalist discipline .
tr	0	I do n't know . The girl shrugged once again .
tr	0	Estimated electricity use in residential sector
tr	0	One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono .
tr	0	That seems cruel to me though .
tr	0	Anything after 12 is a bonus .
tr	0	They are particularly beneficial to the Member States , and I would particularly like to draw your attention to the emphasis the Commission has placed on the issues of sustainable development , job creation and , more particularly , on equal opportunities and transport issues .
tr	0	There is a painting on my wall in the Oval -- first of all , I do n't know .
tr	0	I never liked shopping .
tr	0	If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .
tr	0	Harry was silent .
tr	0	During my stay at the camp I 'm really fond of keeping my tennis and swimming routines .
tr	0	Please provide me your thoughts asap .
tr	0	i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?
tr	0	History : All began when Ogus Micius said that Roman need to go at school .
tr	0	maintaining a population in rural areas , given the changes taking place in all types of economic activity owing to agriculture 's increasing lack of importance amongst the various sources of income for rural society .
tr	0	In addition , as a way of compensation , I would like to have a refund , and justification for such a show .
tr	0	It is a lengthy day trip from Athens to visit Olympia , but quite interesting .
tr	0	But succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .
tr	0	There are parallel shortcomings in many other markets .
tr	0	I 'm looking forward to hear from you in a very near future .
tr	0	After 1608 , they performed at the indoor Blackfriars Theatre during the winter and the Globe during the summer .
tr	0	You ’ ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer .
tr	0	I asked myself sometimes what it all meant .
tr	0	if I have to take special equipement to the activities that I 've chosen
tr	0	That might be , said Auster .
tr	0	Soon we wo n't need to get out from our homes .
tr	0	Although they are now sedentary ( with the young using cell phones , etc . ) , they maintain many of their old customs , traditions and beliefs .
tr	0	35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .
tr	0	I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .
tr	0	When he finished , Balzac went to Villeparisis and read the entire work to his family ;
tr	0	About the activities while at the Camp I would like to enjoy swimming , not because I am good in it , just because I keen on and the other one is Photography .
tr	0	What do you think ?
tr	0	Yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when Americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their AK-47 's in the air .
tr	0	People would be starring at me and laughing .
tr	0	Chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and Jordan .
tr	0	However , everyone prefers to do the same thing and the same time .
tr	0	also , you can call em ahead of time , and then go to pick up ur food , or have it delivered** .
tr	0	07/19/2001 03:31 PM
tr	0	September 21 , 2004
tr	0	Finally a convenient place close to home .
tr	0	However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .
tr	0	He paused for a moment .
tr	0	Ngoc Luan Do @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
tr	0	The Rams , the VCU sports team , also made the NCAA Final 4 this year , too !
tr	0	Getting the Material Right
tr	0	The longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family .
tr	0	Stop by at least once or you 'll go to heck !
tr	0	I 've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best .
tr	0	Do you think we need to do more ?
tr	0	This is THE premier university in Virginia .
tr	0	The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .
tr	0	He struggled with the words , with the concept behind them .
tr	0	Other methods , such as the method adopted in 2005 , makes the snitch a tennis ball in a sock , hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch runner .
tr	0	Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time .
tr	0	However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .
tr	0	The p H should be 6.5-7 .
tr	0	Do you know what a physicist is ?
tr	0	Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
tr	0	I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .
tr	0	Martin 's box is working wonderfully- I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .
tr	0	The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .
tr	0	`` A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic . ''
tr	0	Grimy work you guys do .
tr	0	At the present , the technology develops rapidly .
tr	0	The forecast is for a continued decline in strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical depression within 36 hours .
tr	0	He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .
tr	0	For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .
tr	0	Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .
tr	0	Were you a golfer , I ca n't quite remember ... ?
tr	0	There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl .
tr	0	Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .
tr	0	In conclusion , from my point of view , people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore , we have to use it with a great amount of responsability , for us all to survive in the future .
tr	0	So we decide to choose the other programme which have seen as an entertainment .
tr	0	Dando glowered pettishly over his third or fourth gin and ginger beer .
tr	0	Finally , now that I am discussing resources , new technologies and speaking time , my own speaking time has elapsed .
tr	0	Lost , not only in the city , but within himself as well .
tr	0	These things are very convinience on the other hand , there lots of disadvantage point .
tr	0	And the massages are heavenly !
tr	0	How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
tr	0	The man said it was OK for this time and we get in quite easely , we 've made it .
tr	0	It ’ s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .
tr	0	I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday .
tr	0	Your muscles are loose and limp .
tr	0	Harry felt even worse when they reached his vault .
tr	0	We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .
tr	0	The only difference we had was for package V02 .
tr	0	Just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it .
tr	0	The rider needs to have independent hands as well , because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ; )
tr	0	The place is chill and comfortable .
tr	0	Thank you for asking me some details .
tr	0	Sometime in this period , Nida became a founding charter member of Wycliffe Bible Translators , a related organization to the Summer Institute of Linguistics .
tr	0	( The President cut off the speaker )
tr	0	A little mellow dramatic ?
tr	0	Capricorn in 2005 - Resolution
tr	0	He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note .
tr	0	You can also select the objects displayed in the data outline , set their properties , define and edit relationships between record sources , and delete fields and record sources .
tr	0	The taxes will end up in the German Treasury instead of the Danish Treasury .
tr	0	At a minimum this would provide a helpful compatibility with other wikis and free culture projects .
tr	0	I hope that you will be able to attend that event .
tr	0	According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand 's flag has never before been open to public choice .
tr	0	They had started two days before in a sudden hurry up the river with the manager on board , in charge of some volunteer skipper , and before they had been out three hours they tore the bottom out of her on stones , and she sank near the south bank .
tr	0	Place a cotton ball under or near your garbage can to deter mice from getting into it .
tr	0	I love a challenge , and saving the Earth is probably a good one .
tr	0	After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .
tr	0	I think this side of the question is balanced because before effect on our health was less than it is now .
tr	0	If your ( US ) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company , you texts and calls will go through .
tr	0	In King Lear , the old king commits the tragic error of giving up his powers , initiating the events which lead to the torture and blinding of the Earl of Gloucester and the murder of Lear 's youngest daughter Cordelia .
tr	0	They 're all heroes , you know , heroes of the struggle .
tr	0	By eight o'clock Stillman would come out , always in his long brown overcoat , carrying a large , old-fashioned carpet bag .
tr	0	This assistance shall fund institution-building projects and limited small-scale investments ancillary thereto .
tr	0	We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT & T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts . ?
tr	0	It should be a perfect evening out , but it was the opposite .
tr	0	Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .
tr	0	Yes , lovely creature , is n't she ?
tr	0	The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a `` real '' investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery -- -the works .
tr	0	( Click here for source . )
tr	0	After , student is making speech about what he or she have learned .
tr	0	Instituto Gonzaga , a catholic school in Milan . Image : Friedrichstrasse .
tr	0	Announce every floor .
tr	0	To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .
tr	0	Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group .
tr	0	The party is to let all the students to know each other better .
tr	0	she died in Paris few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called `` Paparach `` .
tr	0	06/04/01 08:38 AM
tr	0	As a result , wikiHow is still at the size that every editor eventually gets to know other editors .
tr	0	Mr President , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , Mr Evans , of why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 status .
tr	0	Or has it occurred since birth .
tr	0	This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .
tr	0	70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .
tr	0	The drink was mildly popular for the last few months , but of course has become a great deal more popular since getting all this publicity .
tr	0	10 % conversion rate from visits originating from Facebook Adverts .
tr	0	As he did with the people around him , Balzac studied these places in depth , traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on previous visits .
tr	0	Now , NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with `` go '' fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches .
tr	0	Stephen.Dyer @ bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM
tr	0	Ben made another announcement on March 28 , 2005 :
tr	0	Light , warm , but also itchy .
tr	0	The more radical Shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran 's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel .
tr	0	In Saintsbury 's view , `` They are curiously , interestingly , almost enthrallingly bad .
tr	0	I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .
tr	0	This somehow seemed embarrassing .
tr	0	The chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .
tr	0	Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15-year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .
tr	0	For other activities , we could probably show a training one of our sport team .
tr	0	In this view , you can build an interactive report using the fields underlying the datasheet or form .
tr	0	Both are equal length so go for the taller one .
tr	0	It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .
tr	0	Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming
tr	0	U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1 % , alongside European markets .
tr	0	Admin coordinator 's do primarily administrative work .
tr	0	All my class mates are looking forward to go to London .
tr	0	You had promised discounts on the cost which was from £ 10 to £ 20 , but despite my thoughts I had to pay £ 20 without chance .
tr	0	Mind , he began again , lifting one arm from the elbow , the palm of the hand outwards , so that , with his legs folded before him , he had the pose of a Buddha preaching in European clothes and without a lotus-flower – Mind , none of us would feel exactly like this .
tr	0	Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
tr	0	She wandered down to the herb garden and brought back a branch of dill ;
tr	0	His initiation took place on April 17 , 1789 , at Holland Lodge No . 8 , F & AM , which the Grand Lodge of New York F & AM had chartered in 1787 .
tr	0	( The heat increases their `` production '' of musk . )
tr	0	Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .
tr	0	an annotated text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in `` The Mathematical Intelligencer '' v7 # 2 , pp 69-72 .
tr	0	We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .
tr	0	i can think of a few things
tr	0	Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .
tr	0	Rules for moving an interior vertical line
tr	0	The whole thing is a bad dream .
tr	0	Expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .
tr	0	It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial `` I '' who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets '' Shakespeare unlocked his heart '' .
tr	0	Thanks in advance for sharing your experience !
tr	0	The surprise is that we are surprised .
tr	0	If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , its simple to do it over the computer .
tr	0	He could , of course , see with his own eyes what happened , and all these things he dutifully recorded in his red notebook . But the meaning of these things continued to elude him .
tr	0	`` I know for the epilepsy !
tr	0	This was a less than impressive experience at Trio 's .
tr	0	If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !
tr	0	I like my Monkey Brain on a stick for sure .
tr	0	I 'm going to reply at your question .
tr	0	Nick now had taken a copy of the test to archive it .
tr	0	While Iran 's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
tr	0	The labor-participation rate for women with post-secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle-school education .
tr	0	Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute , make sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch .
tr	0	I 'm a graduate student . ''
tr	0	A normal processing time , unless you have an advanced degree or a `` specified '' skill is from 3 - 5 years .
tr	0	Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .
tr	0	I really ca n't help you .
tr	0	WHERE : The Front Porch 217 Gray St. ( 713 ) 571-9571
tr	0	And he was devoted to his books , which were in apple-pie order .
tr	0	And because of this tragic flaw . . .
tr	0	This can not be the way in finding information for the readers .
tr	0	I don ’ t want to embarrass her .
tr	0	It merely prolongs transitional rules by postponing deadlines , deletes provisions which are no longer applicable , and lays down the procedures for a ) carrying out the ad hoc transportation of dangerous goods and b ) enacting less stringent national regulations , in particular for the transport of very small amounts of dangerous goods within strictly defined local areas .
tr	0	I 'm firing my editor .
tr	0	Those having to deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements .
tr	0	i am out of town .
tr	0	Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .
tr	0	Are you okay with that ?
tr	0	Suddenly , I heard of `` help , help `` in my distance .
tr	0	Now we have free time to do anything else , while machine is doing our work .
tr	0	They generate the humus soils across the landmasses of Earth .
tr	0	Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket ?
tr	0	For the ep — ''
tr	0	PS I have noticed on here that someone left a comment that `` all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends '' and I will tell you that I do n't know these people except from eating at their restaurant .
tr	0	i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady ( who claimed to be a manager ) said my food was on the way , and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way .
tr	0	I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .
tr	0	From that moment , I denied being with anyone until I met Cold , a sensitive dog , the one who would keep my secrets forever and would be near me until the end .
tr	0	Sorry that this response looks so long .
tr	0	The one-star review from 2005 is out of date .
tr	0	He is really excited about anybody he see .
tr	0	I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .
tr	0	`` Document found on street not secret , say feds '' — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
tr	0	Moral of the story : Do n't drink Coke ... ... ... .drink Pepsi !
tr	0	In the past , this Parliament has viewed the social economy as an important potential provider of employment .
tr	0	The Chapman lighthouse , a three-legged thing erect on a mud-flat , shone strongly .
tr	0	I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills .
tr	0	Or just purchase the Color ?
tr	0	Roly Dando asked with grudging interest about the visit .
tr	0	Realizing he would have trouble finding a composer , however , he turned to other pursuits .
tr	0	Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife 's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare .
tr	0	Damage estimates of more than $ 25bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry 's most expensive natural disaster ever .
tr	0	high commodity prices , low interest rates , and seemingly endless buckets of foreign finance .
tr	0	Good to hear from you and I 'm glad you 're available .
tr	0	One day Peter killed one boy .
tr	0	For Kerber , the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable year .
tr	0	2 - They also think , that filming some of the lessons that they usually have , known as `` one-to-one `` lessons , people who see this video , will be interested on knowing more about the school because a few English schools have this sort of classes .
tr	0	Remember to write down your creations !
tr	0	It 's much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language .
tr	0	SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE :
tr	0	We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
tr	0	It will be fantastic experience for me .
tr	0	In addition , the addmission for students is free .
tr	0	I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .
tr	0	If necessary , the Commission will act at once .
tr	0	Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test-drive both back to back .
tr	0	until you brush it away . )
tr	0	We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include , `` a division of Cargill Incorporated '' .
tr	0	I held a finger up to my lips , and waved a hand to silence Pete ’ s reply .
tr	0	Maybe do volunteer work at the humane society , walk dogs , groom the animals etc .
tr	0	I lived in one that did not face the parking lot .
tr	0	Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
tr	0	Either way rec . and dom . white genes dilute the black gene .
tr	0	If there is any question left , please contact me .
tr	0	Neither did Cheney , Rumsfeld , or Wolfowitz .
tr	0	This office is awesome !
tr	0	The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .
tr	0	What Ukraine needs is a sharp reduction in corruption , as well as real legitimacy ( through the ballot box ) for people who want to rein in the influence of oligarchs – a group that has sapped the economy through plunder and incompetence over the past two decades .
tr	0	I work as a Transformational Life Coach .
tr	0	The fact that there was now a purpose to his being Paul Auster – a purpose that was becoming more and more important to him – served as a kind of moral justification for the charade and absolved him of having to defend his lie .
tr	0	Hanska was married to a man twenty years her senior , Waclaw Hanski , a wealthy Polish landowner living near Kiev .
tr	0	We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again .
tr	0	The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .
tr	0	However , of course this is proof in just one species .
tr	0	Unfortunately , one of the paper planes flew out of the window and hit directly to the headmaster 's head .
tr	0	We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .
tr	0	The judge , frustrated by the apparent lack of progress , encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed ( and the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint ) .
tr	0	what am I doing wrong
tr	0	`` The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling , and the space was reducing and reducing , and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .
tr	0	By the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a short time .
tr	0	The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .
tr	0	The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi , an Air Force general belonging to their tribe .
tr	0	Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
tr	0	Natalie McVeigh Oakley , England
tr	0	also , what 's the deal with the weather this weekend ?
tr	0	The Fed 's huge monthly purchases of long-term assets – so-called quantitative easing – have benefited the world as a whole by propping up demand and economic activity in the US .
tr	0	Set aside an area of the house where you can put all the packed boxes .
tr	0	How to Play a Real-Life Game of Quidditch
tr	0	Quinn did not know what to do .
tr	0	Still ... But at the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance .
tr	0	There must be strict rules in abattoirs to maintain the highest levels of hygiene .
tr	0	I am sending you a letter from their atty .
tr	0	I was pleased as I got it .
tr	0	There she died because of not having Faerian food necessary to her survival .
tr	0	And look at now .
tr	0	For the most part , your outward life this year will go in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome rest .
tr	0	I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .
tr	0	Mr Hatzidakis now has the floor for one minute , and his will be the last question to Mr van den Broek today .
tr	0	I crave those .
tr	0	`` I have learned more [ from Balzac ] than from all the professional historians , economists and statisticians put together .
tr	0	So , do n't put both of them in one cage .
tr	0	' ... He lifted a warning forefinger ... .
tr	0	( It is a graduate engineer school where we are studying mecanics and energetics . )
tr	0	However , I have never tried to go surfing .
tr	0	You 'll also have less spoilage .
tr	0	A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .
tr	0	It means buying whatever we like , just like clothes , records , rings , and books .
tr	0	Unfortunately , they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .
tr	0	1 teaspoon vanilla extract
tr	0	Move the finger backward to about 4 inches ( 10 cm ) away , then back again .
tr	0	The food tasted like rat feces
tr	0	I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .
tr	0	One day she realized that I was always been outside of circle .
tr	0	Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :
tr	0	If you are new to `` The Cat Album '' I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .
tr	0	Of course he should have got Foreign Affairs .
tr	0	Back in Lahore , some thirty-nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886 and June 1887 .
tr	0	Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !
tr	0	A good camera for the plain point and shoot .
tr	0	Hyatt web site improved .
tr	0	We were shocked , we all did n't know what to do .
tr	0	The bus leavs at 8 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .
tr	0	Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area .
tr	0	Quit with the overstatements !
tr	0	Writers will occasionally write their own headlines , but we come up with a list of 15 or 20 headline ideas , what we think will make a good story and then we assign it based upon what people ’ s writing strengths are .
tr	0	Everyone will dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867 .
tr	0	We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .
tr	0	Maria bought his favorite food and she throw it away into the bin .
tr	0	Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world .
tr	0	Neiafu offers all the usual amenities including banks , schools , tour companies , restaurants , cafes and bars , supermarkets , a market and a hospital .
tr	0	I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .
tr	0	We can hear many items people saying that when they are upset or stressed they like to go shopping .
tr	0	`` One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . ''
tr	0	Also , a week after the work , Phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .
tr	0	The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence ' .
tr	0	In the end , propaganda worked where empathy failed .
tr	0	And she had been a stupid girl , anyway .
tr	0	I did n't even especially want to help him .
tr	0	We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .
tr	0	Second , there should be friends and family members in the home to provide joyful and fun .
tr	0	Unfortunately for the would-be leader , Pachomius recovered , and upon hearing of Theodorus ’ decision , exiled the ambitious young man .
tr	0	I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test .
tr	0	Here he identifies two basic orientations in translating based on two different types of equivalence :
tr	0	the show would be fantastic ,
tr	0	She is friendly when we see each other on campus .
tr	0	Future studies need to include more participants and more items to increase power .
tr	0	Nevada 's industrial outputs are tourism , mining , machinery , printing and publishing , food processing , and electric equipment .
tr	0	i dont know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .
tr	0	We are really satisfied in sightseeing by bus , in go to the National Gallery , but the whole class would like to go to The London Fashion and will be free .
tr	0	According to Shakespearean scholar James Shapiro , in Julius Caesar `` the various strands of politics , character , inwardness , contemporary events , even Shakespeare 's own reflections on the act of writing , began to infuse each other '' .
tr	0	Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer .
tr	0	The following are some information about the International student conference .
tr	0	A research team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Colorado State University of the US and the University of Sheffield of the UK has analysed effects of global warming and ozone pollution over 2000 - 2050 on the worldwide production of wheat , rice , maize and soybean .
tr	0	*****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS ! ! ! *****
tr	0	His art perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy .
tr	0	If anyone else has voted ?
tr	0	We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton `` Red '' Blount .
tr	0	But there was a certain comfort in that .
tr	0	The itching was getting worse .
tr	0	I wasted 2 hours to buy food which you can find in every local shop .
tr	0	I have nothing but fantastic things to say .
tr	0	She is a super sweet , lovable and well-informed woman with a great sense of humor .
tr	0	Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun .
tr	0	any Ice Cream In NZ no matter where as New Zealand has the best bl**dy ice cream in the world I was in NZ for a few weeks had some Ice Cream and really enjoyed it I will go back just to eat some Ice Cream
tr	0	BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT EVER ! ! !
tr	0	He does n't like the new huge tankers .
tr	0	the food was horrible not cooked like it should be , they got the order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .
tr	0	Go ahead , send in your application .
tr	0	By comparison , outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3-7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment .
tr	0	Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour , his eyes fixed on the house .
tr	0	VERYYYY ! ! ! ! VERYYY ! ! Good auto repair men .
tr	0	For a generous girl , a girl who took off her clothes with abandon , she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .
tr	0	Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
tr	0	I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .
tr	0	Try this for 5 to 10 minutes .
tr	0	Will you provide it ?
tr	0	Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .
tr	0	I use GIMP and Its not cutting it , looks terrible .
tr	0	They connect with other businessmen and do their jobs with the help of computers .
tr	0	But yes , Spitfire was good .
tr	0	Quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor .
tr	0	Then it 's time for my nap .
tr	0	You have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions .
tr	0	Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .
tr	0	By bus or jitney
tr	0	There was only a small sign stamped on the door , saying that it was `` closed for repairs `` .
tr	0	2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
tr	0	Daly explained how she obtained these images of the anemone 's anatomy .
tr	0	In 1623 , John Heminges and Henry Condell , two friends and fellow actors of Shakespeare , published the First Folio , a collected edition of his dramatic works that included all but two of the plays now recognised as Shakespeare 's .
tr	0	As for me , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a little car ( I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit ) , you know , the usual .
tr	0	I have discussed with my friends and school teachers about this subject .
tr	0	Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1 .
tr	0	the second one is just because I 'm fanatic of that sports ( really I 'm not martine hingis ) .
tr	0	Understandably , Amerithrax is a confidential investigation .
tr	0	Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .
tr	0	I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .
tr	0	I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .
tr	0	Very few parents do this .
tr	0	This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
tr	0	Dear Dr. Vincent Kaminski ,
tr	0	Whenever I walk in the street , I always want to go into the every shops .
tr	0	Please let me know what time we could meet .
tr	0	i agree , Hmmmmmm .
tr	0	Everywhere and everytime in our lives we face with the rules .
tr	0	In future I wish I could fly on my own !
tr	0	I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .
tr	0	“ You want it ? ” she says .
tr	0	P.S . - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .
tr	0	Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .
tr	0	When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an agreement , a recent agreement , between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the first Bush administration .
tr	0	As first-time home buyers , my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty , extremely helpful .
tr	0	In the scented , mothy evening she felt the presence of the house like someone standing behind her .
tr	0	Feel that you 're sitting there in complete peace , right on top of the world .
tr	0	There were many casualties , but the citizens prevailed .
tr	0	A moment later he heard the child running towards him down the hall . The child shot into the living room , caught sight of Quinn , and stopped dead in his tracks .
tr	0	I think you should invite from ten countries because there are more and more stars and artists in the world .
tr	0	From my experience Hens ( Not roosters ) are very friendly with duck , Guinea pigs , kittens , cows , Rabbits , etc .
tr	0	nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .
tr	0	Add a PivotTable list to a data access page
tr	0	Although the details of the documents on Mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .
tr	0	Yes they do .
tr	0	I hope we will meet next year in the festival .
tr	0	and a good reason for starting this group ... .company firewalls lol ; )
tr	0	Having seen with two of my friends your musical show last week-end at The Circle Theatre which called `` OVER THE RAINBOW `` , I am writing to complain about our disappointing evening .
tr	0	What would you have done differently than him ?
tr	0	He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .
tr	0	In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of covering celebrities .
tr	0	Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .
tr	0	Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands , or just a venue at all ?
tr	0	Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together .
tr	0	The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War .
tr	0	But who would do a thing like that ... . hey wait a minute
tr	0	I have got a few things to complain about your theart .
tr	0	Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60 's because of Israel .
tr	0	I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .
tr	0	In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .
tr	0	Increased car usage in China is creating a high demand for petrol
tr	0	I was pleased to see Danny Brooke , he 's my favourite actor , so you can easily imagine how disappointed I was when I saw a different and unknown actor on the scene !
tr	0	One of the most scenicly attractive ports in the whole of New Zealand , Port Hutt boasts an incredibly sheltered little harbour , with picturesque views and safe anchorage in all weather .
tr	0	Can I text from Canada to the united states ?
tr	0	In 2007 the most successful film was El Greco , directed by Yannis Smaragdis .
tr	0	For example Castum of Astronuts .
tr	0	Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet .
tr	0	Soon , however , Shakespeare began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes .
tr	0	It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light/moderate rain .
tr	0	Watch for signs of stress .
tr	0	In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .
tr	0	Pursuant to your business question : we only hire nice people .
tr	0	She also took advantage of her personal connections with many government scientists , who supplied her with confidential information .
tr	0	With their proposal of a `` Earth-Moon '' highway , it looks like space tourism may become a reality sooner than we think .
tr	0	Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .
tr	0	Yes , Arthur , cars , said Mrs Weasley , her eyes flashing .
tr	0	Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .
tr	0	The conclusion is that we must make the case for guidelines to be broad , indicative and flexible to assist our programme managers and fund-users and to get the maximum potential out of our new fields of regeneration .
tr	0	I 'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $ .04 .
tr	0	I am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include HCA , MCT , green or oolong tea extract , CLA , chromium , starch-blockers , chitosan , 5-HTP , hoodia and caralluma , HMB , and BCAA .
tr	0	Good luck with all of the `` fun '' meetings .
tr	0	And , then , with an awful sucking slurp , it came free .
tr	0	He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .
tr	0	Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter-revolutionaries in a sympathetic light-even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .
tr	0	It was after midnight when they got to bed .
tr	0	What do you like to do ?
tr	0	Our Hasid is in his late twenties .
tr	0	Because we think IT 'S THE BEST ! ! !
tr	0	All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .
tr	0	Firstly , I want to say it is a great idea to have this international arts festival ,
tr	0	It makes a huge difference .
tr	0	You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .
tr	0	The limited menu had few appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced .
tr	0	Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .
tr	0	I love them .
tr	0	Link to video : http : //www.livevideo.com/video/C8F5BBEC570C4A4DBC326F694D79942A/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx
tr	0	On September 17 , 1859 , he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city , proclaiming himself `` Emperor of these United States '' :
tr	0	Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035 .
tr	0	I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery .
tr	0	Second , the musical started forty-five minutes later !
tr	0	He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .
tr	0	Terrible communication as well .
tr	0	Savage 's readers voted to define santorum as ; `` the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex . ''
tr	0	1 Christian ’ s story begins just before Easter , like Dante ’ s Divine Comedy .
tr	0	Do n't pinch on the lower part of the stem , or the basil plants will grow tall and reedy .
tr	0	If we look at a family life .
tr	0	Probing the 'palace coup '
tr	0	A very nice park .
tr	0	I 'm not interested in Hitler .
tr	0	One of the braver promised me I was dead , shouted `` Fucking zombie ! '' over his shoulder as he disappeared around the corner .
tr	0	Image : Nick Moreau .
tr	0	Yes , all I 've said to Mweta , again and again ... make your own pace .
tr	0	From the left column menu , click Security .
tr	0	I thought of bacon and eggs , toast with peach jam out of the jar .
tr	0	3 goal hoops per team
tr	0	There are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left .
tr	0	The boy burst out laughing and said , Everybody 's Daniel !
tr	0	`` Neal S. Manne '' < NMANNE @ SusmanGodfrey.com >
tr	0	I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .
tr	0	Date : Sunday , 22 Oct 1995 10:57:32 -0400
tr	0	So what 's the point to say ' visit our restaurant after the show ' ?
tr	0	I wanted to try someplace new again .
tr	0	I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk .
tr	0	First , emerging-market hype is just that .
tr	0	It hurt very little , felt more like pressure than pain .
tr	0	That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .
tr	0	He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .
tr	0	Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .
tr	0	John FitzGibbon , 2nd Earl of Clare
tr	0	He only pretended to be .
tr	0	As the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .
tr	0	The shed was already a heap of embers glowing fiercely .
tr	0	The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program at Kandahar .
tr	0	It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract , but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from Murphy when the time is right .
tr	0	I 'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese .
tr	0	If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .
tr	0	It 's the richest character at all , his name is Heathcliff , and he 's the reason of whatever happens to the others characters .
tr	0	We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
tr	0	Please pass my appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable .
tr	0	He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .
tr	0	Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version ?
tr	0	In the Archbishop 's drawing room are golden icons .
tr	0	For example , short skirts and tops like an under-wear .
tr	0	Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West ?
tr	0	I would agree .
tr	0	Rinse off the leaves and use the basil to make pesto or a Caprese salad with tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese .
tr	0	Pat down soil around the plants to eliminate air pockets .
tr	0	Five years ' experience , but d ' you know what as ?
tr	0	One the other hand , despite the fact that technology make things easier in our day life , the same happens in industries and companies where they use computers and machines instead of people .
tr	0	And , you 're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak .
tr	0	I would prefer to stay in tents so that I will have the chance to be in contact with the nature as well as the scenery around .
tr	0	What saves us is efficiency – the devotion to efficiency .
tr	0	There are a lot of folk stories in the world and there are a lot of folk stories in Estonia ,
tr	0	You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .
tr	0	So , I would be grateful if you could refund of all or part of my money which I paid for the show .
tr	0	Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign .
tr	0	I 've a feeling there 's been a terrible mistake .
tr	0	After finished watching the show I went to the restaurant which you advertised .
tr	0	Shakespeare is also supposed to have taken his revenge on Lucy by writing a scurrilous ballad about him .
tr	0	It is Enpower No . 295870 .
tr	0	Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
tr	0	Do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?
tr	0	The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th ! .
tr	0	Secondly , I think it is would be better to stay tents , so than we can have a nice time at Camp California and find many interesting games to play in .
tr	0	You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .
tr	0	And is it nesessary to bring money , will we need them ?
tr	0	“ Complete neglect of his own health , ” his wife , Alice , reported .
tr	0	economy should be good here .
tr	0	09/15/99 04:41 PM
tr	0	GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http : //www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
tr	0	Robb says it is `` like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .
tr	0	I had received your letter ,
tr	0	I look forward to meeting each other soon .
tr	0	One thing more remained to do – say good-by to my excellent aunt .
tr	0	Let me know if this is your understanding , as well .
tr	0	jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .
tr	0	If you need any information , please let me know .
tr	0	As we discussed , here is a copy of the draft memo .
tr	0	It was very well organised , the shows started in the exactly time and the group were well performed too .
tr	0	2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4-5cm long .
tr	0	And , having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family .
tr	0	The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .
tr	0	In my opinion , one of the best things of the last Festival was that there were not only concerts .
tr	0	It is very clean and is Sandalwood , Driftwood or something of that nature in color .
tr	0	And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different—we can do better—and where she has expressed regret . ”
tr	0	4 ) Call your vet .
tr	0	National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .
tr	0	The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .
tr	0	We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .
tr	0	I have told a French girl I liked her , and she accepted .
tr	0	It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .
tr	0	Imagine a hotel having problems with people .
tr	0	Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .
tr	0	I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .
tr	0	Instead of using vegan sugar , you can replace it with equal parts maple sugar or rice syrup
tr	0	Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .
tr	0	Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .
tr	0	I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .
tr	0	For example , universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of their academic staff , thereby increasing their rankings , bringing in grant money , and attracting students .
tr	0	My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .
tr	0	( ps . I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since its summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?
tr	0	At the very end of last term , Harry had come face to face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself .
tr	0	I shall send you a copy today .
tr	0	My extension is 35620 .
tr	0	( Dont stay in Agra too long .
tr	0	Here is a thought : When the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
tr	0	I thanked my new friends for not to tell anybody my secrets though before the trouble they and me were n't very friends .
tr	0	He gave no indication on the value of the highest bid .
tr	0	If it 's minimal , they may be simply having a bad day .
tr	0	And there is a quite good reason for it .
tr	0	The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .
tr	0	In the second book I made another experiment .
tr	0	Marly asked me to respond to you .
tr	0	If more data is available , you can add fields to the chart .
tr	0	See you all there - this is ling overdue
tr	0	He kept saying different arrival/delivery dates and did n't seem terribly apologetic .
tr	0	Authorised by Ariel Sharon to make `` unrestricted '' strikes , its military launched new missile attacks overnight .
tr	0	He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .
tr	0	Dudley hitched up his trousers , which were slipping down his fat bottom .
tr	0	Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .
tr	0	I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .
tr	0	When he was out he needed to buy some cigarettes so he went to the shop where the owner , a his friend , ask him if he was very happy about his present , the new gold watch , he was very lucky to have best friends like Pat and her friends .
tr	0	I am looking forward to go to Camp California in the USA and I am writing to give you further information .
tr	0	With any luck , I 'll have the deal signed and sealed before the News at Ten .
tr	0	Yes , I will attend in person _______
tr	0	This past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .
tr	0	By 1859 , Norton had become completely disgruntled with what he considered the inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the United States .
tr	0	We forget , he seems to think , that as a species we are generally close to the `` state of nature , '' as Thomas Hobbes described it a nasty , brutish , pitiless condition in which men are too fearful of death to give much thought to freedom .
tr	0	Prepare a potting mix that is equal parts soil and rough pumice or sand and fill the appropriate number of pots with it .
tr	0	Then Sara looked down the river .
tr	0	You ca n't go wrong with Tuesday prices , even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians !
tr	0	620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
tr	0	His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .
tr	0	1 ) what islad of Fiji is a good island that is not TOO far from the main airpart in Fiji .
tr	0	Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she did , but Pat refused to apologaising to her , because she felt it was n't a mistake and she did it for only one reason : help Maria to get the man that she loved .
tr	0	Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .
tr	0	On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to suggest designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one .
tr	0	From there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
tr	0	The result , we feel guilty after spending more than we 've estimated , or even suffer from financial difficulty .
tr	0	Thanks so much for your help on this .
tr	0	I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .
tr	0	Someone 's idea of a joke .
tr	0	I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson .
tr	0	First of all , I am very sorry to hear you 're having this issue with your cat . : (
tr	0	In fact , he orchestrated the whole thing himself .
tr	0	In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .
tr	0	In the best case , the clamoring for a `` refund '' subsides .
tr	0	10 . In Collateral Requests , insert a comma after deposit in the last line .
tr	0	*4 . The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws . *
tr	0	Aafia never reached the uncle 's house .
tr	0	When you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .
tr	0	For me , It 's not easy to have holiday and your play just blew my precious time away .
tr	0	It happened to me once that I wanted to go on holidays , so I went to the travel agency .
tr	0	Despite the fact that I had to tell nothing I thought it was right to tell Pat the truth .
tr	0	In 1820 Balzac completed the five-act verse tragedy Cromwell .
tr	0	The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours .
tr	0	Now that we ’ re in 2011 , in an era of modern web standards , it ’ s time to say goodbye , '' Microsoft says on `` The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown '' .
tr	0	( The source of the previous sentence is unknown .
tr	0	Dando did not explain the shift of reference .
tr	0	The only way they could move was their feet .
tr	0	Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
tr	0	Start off with the highly frequently used words such as 'and ' or ' I ' or 'one ' or 'the ' .
tr	0	The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .
tr	0	But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low , and the value of many credit-fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative .
tr	0	I 'd like to work with you on a response to this customer .
tr	0	The Finns ? The Russians ? Anybody ?
tr	0	And I have done certificate for using radio ( VHF ) .
tr	0	Jeff Rathke , the State Department Spokesperson , said , `` We urge the governments of the region to work together quickly , first and foremost , to save the lives of migrants now at sea who are in need of an immediate rescue effort '' .
tr	0	He resembled a pilot , which to a seaman is trustworthiness personified .
tr	0	Nothing was ever at 90 degrees .
tr	0	List Price : $ 2.00
tr	0	Old time grocery , best steaks I have ever had !
tr	0	Hams on Friendly ... RIP
tr	0	He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .
tr	0	Early in life he denied the excesses of his parents , and at the age of fourteen joined a monastery in the diocese of Sne , near the modern town of Esna , Egypt .
tr	0	What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .
tr	0	Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year 's strongest challenges .
tr	0	Next time it would be a good idea to put the possible changes on the advertisement , before the starting time of the show .
tr	0	Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .
tr	0	They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...
tr	0	Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .
tr	0	The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .
tr	0	Next , One reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is also fantastic idea , because everyone could enjoy everything by the ticket .
tr	0	07/17/2000 08:50 AM
tr	0	Think I should do it ?
tr	0	Ruth Penycate www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork
tr	0	Code is 80435 .
tr	0	Wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog .
tr	0	Junction and nexus proved valuable in bringing the concept of context to the forefront of the attention of the world of linguistics .
tr	0	I 'd suggest you to wear at least , semi formal wears such as a jacket with another clothes .
tr	0	A page that uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component
tr	0	The color of these is that of the ground itself , and on this strange deadness the melting air presses with an almost human weight .
tr	0	People are used to go to the shopping because it is easier and familiare , it is one place where you can have lunch or dinner , watch some movie after that , and if you want buy something at the shops .
tr	0	Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression , but the general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me .
tr	0	But then you must remember the aim of our proposal .
tr	0	As you know , I had a great experience last month giving a helping hand for the band called RAMONES .
tr	0	It 's a cute place with a really friendly , laid-back atmosphere .
tr	0	Is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?
tr	0	Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , `` And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .
tr	0	Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you 're doing .
tr	0	“ See what I mean ? ” the voice shouted over my moans .
tr	0	Later in 1689 a revolution broke out in Moscow , and with the troops under his command Gordon virtually decided events in favour of Peter the Great , [ 3 ] and against the Regent , Tsarevna Sophia Alekseyevna .
tr	0	From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .
tr	0	The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .
tr	0	The next item is the report ( A5-0108/1999 ) by Mrs Schroedter , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the communication from the Commission in the field of the Structural Funds and their coordination with the Cohesion Fund :
tr	0	As for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .
tr	0	The show had to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .
tr	0	These 22 countries , with all their oil and natural resources , have a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alone .
tr	0	I came upon this store as the building caught my eye .
tr	0	My father and I were going to mass — my mother did not go ; she was Protestant .
tr	0	Michelle and Ken ,
tr	0	Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .
tr	0	Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .
tr	0	ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT
tr	0	In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .
tr	0	I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .
tr	0	I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .
tr	0	It will be a presentation of the latest fashions and about the leisure and sports wear .
tr	0	I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .
tr	0	Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .
tr	0	I am therefore writing for a full refund and I expect to receive by post a cheque for £ 20 .
tr	0	Harry stared at them all watching him .
tr	0	My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .
tr	0	Sharon 's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas 's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further , which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States .
tr	0	Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the publisher to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
tr	0	Her zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth anniversary year was 1992 .
tr	0	In the end , the results were not favorable .
tr	0	“ Snap ! ” Pete said .
tr	0	He 'd recently moved up here .
tr	0	I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .
tr	0	Kinder Morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
tr	0	Surfing was a fresh sport to me which I took up recently .
tr	0	The exhibit at USI includes Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper ; musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran ; publishers Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy 's la Repubblica ; disco club owner Steve Rubell of Studio 54 ; photographers Nat Finkelstein , Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto ; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis ( tennis ) and Jack Nicklaus ( golf ) .
tr	0	I 've known the guy for about 10 years .
tr	0	Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .
tr	0	75 - Percentage of American young adults who do n't know the population of the United States .
tr	0	he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .
tr	0	Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time to make intimate friendship with people around me .
tr	0	Brandee Sanborn I.S.C . Customer Care Design & Process Support http : //isc.enron.com/site
tr	0	Then there is Amendment No-12 .
tr	0	As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .
tr	0	I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .
tr	0	It was lovely , the small waves coming in steadily .
tr	0	Too many continue to scrape together a living in a kind of La Bohéme garret .
tr	0	I stood at the entry and theire I had to check the tickets .
tr	0	The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .
tr	0	As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .
tr	0	After this last point of troubles we went home with only bad remembers of this evening .
tr	0	Know your audience .
tr	0	New training Centre is excellent
tr	0	Aerogel slice removed with an ultrasonic blade , showing particle tracks .
tr	0	Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job .
tr	0	The most important thing that the famous people are also normal people as us .
tr	0	The Member States would have to do so .
tr	0	LibriVox was my first experience recording audiobooks .
tr	0	There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .
tr	0	Moreover I would like to tell you that the show should begun at 19:30 but it started with a delay of 45 minutes .
tr	0	What if Shinza should make a bit of trouble at the next elections , what if he were to feel himself bloody well discounted as he certainly is , and start up a real opposition with all the tricks that he taught PIP , eh ?
tr	0	Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?
tr	0	I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .
tr	0	If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .
tr	0	It ’ s sort of like , '' Hmmm ... that ’ s hilarious . That ’ s really really funny '' rather than people falling off their chairs .
tr	0	And on the Jaffa Road , because of another bomb , six adolescents two on a break from night school stopping at a coffee shop to eat buns , have just died .
tr	0	$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
tr	0	Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .
tr	0	eHow contains copyrighted content run on proprietary software .
tr	0	Kathy and Stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .
tr	0	I hope that after jully wo n't disturb the Camp California 's plans for me .
tr	0	The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .
tr	0	I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2pm-8pm ) .
tr	0	Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa .
tr	0	I think this location is no longer in business .
tr	0	So the life is much faster and more convenient than before .
tr	0	How does a ham omelette sound ?
tr	0	I doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet , but I figured I would put it out there anyways .
tr	0	Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .
tr	0	Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .
tr	0	In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .
tr	0	I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .
tr	0	At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .
tr	0	Further more , I should choose between two activities and how good I am at each one .
tr	0	( The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground . ) ``
tr	0	Secondly , about plays and films it will be good if you make more because the children like it .
tr	0	Nobody likes the Parisians , even then Parisians do n't like Parisians .
tr	0	It ’ s actually more businesslike than you ’ d imagine .
tr	0	You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again .
tr	0	The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm ;
tr	0	Wood panel , marble .
tr	0	Even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,
tr	0	The central station is at 319 S. Denver ( downtown ) .
tr	0	Use with caution .
tr	0	I would personally put him somewhere else .
tr	0	Emphasis , fine irony , blunt innuendos and other well used verbal devices fit into parliamentary oratory , but flicking at each other and slapstick comedy do not .
tr	0	I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .
tr	0	The current study will contribute to the development of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .
tr	0	My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !
tr	0	Should the United States undertake military action against Iran , the ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme .
tr	0	The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .
tr	0	there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night .
tr	0	Wonderful staff and physician .
tr	0	Now all the Pat 's friend do n't tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .
tr	0	I am writting this letter to inform you I had a very disappointing evening during your musical show `` Over the rainbow `` at the Circle Theatre where you are the director .
tr	0	When we decided to visit theatre Restaurant after the show it was clouse because same of decorating was n't finish .
tr	0	I just want it to go .
tr	0	We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .
tr	0	Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?
tr	0	`` Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , '' he says .
tr	0	I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy .
tr	0	The accomodation that best suits me is in log cabins , as the space in tents is very limited and I am not used to have all my belongings in order and packed at all times .
tr	0	Stay on it until the `` Saint-Michel Notre-Dame '' station .
tr	0	When the sun rose some slumped off into sleep , but women began to examine the plastic bags in which they kept their hats , and , as the hard beams of the sun struck into the cabin on hairnets , pale lips , and stubble , queues formed for the lavatories .
tr	0	How long to save up for a canon t3i ?
tr	0	They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here .
tr	0	I have been written to you that my life in London was a little bit boring for me .
tr	0	China emerged from the late-1990 's Asian financial crisis as the region 's most resilient economy , and I suspect the same will be true this time .
tr	0	You can try picking up the eggs and holding it up against a very bright light .
tr	0	Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
tr	0	Albus Dumbledore is the greatest Headmaster Hogwarts has ever had .
tr	0	Sciences - principally biology but also chemistry .
tr	0	How are you and your parent ?
tr	0	Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .
tr	0	Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground-based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .
tr	0	So I would like to choose these two activities while I am at the Camp .
tr	0	While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and reserve parachutes will malfunction , leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity .
tr	0	Global reasons for conflict
tr	0	`` Balzac himself attributed his condition to `` intellectual congestion '' , but his extended confinement in the `` alcove '' was surely a factor .
tr	0	To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .
tr	0	The 1616 edition of Ben Jonson 's Works names him on the cast lists for Every Man In His Humour ( 1598 ) and Sejanus His Fall ( 1603 ) .
tr	0	In spite of them , not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried to send to them yesterday .
tr	0	This period begins and ends with two tragedies :
tr	0	Our community is full of volunteers from all over the world .
tr	0	The federation of monasteries was falling apart , and Theodorus rushed to Tabennese to placate the rebels .
tr	0	you should make sure that your clothing covers at least your shoulders and your knees and some places may require that you wear ankle-length pants or skirts and long sleeved tops .
tr	0	Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .
tr	0	This scaring dark is still affecting my life now .
tr	0	What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive ?
tr	0	In 1598 , the cleric and author Francis Meres singled him out from a group of English writers as `` the most excellent '' in both comedy and tragedy .
tr	0	I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3-shot burst .
tr	0	She added that recent visits to the island by India 's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have `` caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island '' .
tr	0	I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM Workshop last Friday .
tr	0	Now , after the Swift boat episode , the spotlight has returned to Bush .
tr	0	This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .
tr	0	From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .
tr	0	Cream splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered .
tr	0	Peter Percell < percell @ swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 AM
tr	0	First , I would like to travel in July , because I am a university student and I have only one month summer vacation that is in July .
tr	0	He has a bestfriend , that was more like a brother for him .
tr	0	This item is a small one and easily missed .
tr	0	Plays and films qualities were good , but quantities were bad .
tr	0	For example , we have to wear in appropriate way , not talk to each other during the lessons and pay attention to the teachers .
tr	0	I remember what people said about the Italian adventure in Ethiopia and about the Spanish Civil War and the Battle of Britain .
tr	0	Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .
tr	0	the International Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand .
tr	0	They look like a robotes who have to do their duties - to buy .
tr	0	About accommodation , I would prefer tents instead of log cabins and the reason is I have never used tents and this could be a very exciting experience for me .
tr	0	-- -- -= Posted via Newsfeeds.Com , Uncensored Usenet News = -- -- -
tr	0	And , we can also share important informations with other people .
tr	0	Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .
tr	0	They 're the grand molecular disassemblers of nature - the soil magicians .
tr	0	In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
tr	0	Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades .
tr	0	There was no hurry .
tr	0	However , historically , there have been several events that should cause a societal response .
tr	0	I 'm very happy to have won in your competition .
tr	0	And if anyone else has voted , what did you guys vote for ?
tr	0	In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
tr	0	it would help me for my studies of photography .
tr	0	To his right , ensconced behind the cash register , was the boss , a small balding man with curly hair and a concentration camp number tattoed on his forearm ,
tr	0	Within seven days , I started getting money in the mail ! !
tr	0	& I wan na know what food has the game pieces .
tr	0	Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k bucks .
tr	0	If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .
tr	0	She always talks about her private life to me , and I thought we understood each other , because when I talked about my private life to her , she seemed very understandable .
tr	0	Not what i expected !
tr	0	I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .
tr	0	Finally , in this time of natural disasters , I would just like to mention the issue of the use of Structural Funds .
tr	0	He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .
tr	0	The first and foremost was the Ohio River , which flowed into the Mississippi River .
tr	0	Then you could find the cheapest good and in that case , you probably buy it needlessly .
tr	0	The adaptations proposed concern the increase of the proportion of co-financing by the Community budget ;
tr	0	An unsuccessful transition will equally damage us all .
tr	0	And what about this kind of intellectual and progressive people , do n't they wear all the same model of ugly but confortable shoes ?
tr	0	Saddam never did anything practical to help the Palestinians .
tr	0	( it 's by the door , on the hostess stand )
tr	0	Amazingly , these idiots think a cartoon of Mohammed is comparable to what we can expect in this new fun contest :
tr	0	You did not call me either .
tr	0	Anyway , I 'm sure I 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .
tr	0	So totalling $ 212 just for start before any work started .
tr	0	Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .
tr	0	The largest organism in the world is in Eastern Oregon .
tr	0	Personally I think you should just keep on walking by .
tr	0	Did you know that ?
tr	0	Fill flats or individual seed containers with a mixture of equal parts perlite , vermiculite , and peat .
tr	0	They will also wear water-proof , ultra-violet proof and other dangerous liquid-proof clothes to protect themselves
tr	0	Compare the flags to the Fallujah one .
tr	0	I want to take a cruise around the world .
tr	0	By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .
tr	0	Of course this is just because I am lazy , I actually could force me a little , and then go to the library and to the post-office , but internet just makes it easier !
tr	0	And what do we get for this effort ?
tr	0	Saturday , September 12 , 2015
tr	0	Regarding the programme you have organised , it is great ideas everything that you have planed , but I would like to suggest to you something that the students saw in an advertisement .
tr	0	Ireland receives a lot of rain , with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year .
tr	0	Hiller replied : `` No , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . '' . . .
tr	0	And this is the paradigm that we see throughout the universe .
tr	0	We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and 'kissed ' the goats and lambs .
tr	0	SOblander @ carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 PM
tr	0	A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .
tr	0	First of all , Danny Brook was not there , I was very upset because he is my favorite singer and it was one of the reasons why I wanted to see this show .
tr	0	I shall spend an entire day at PRC ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .
tr	0	No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .
tr	0	I 'd like to suggest this - concerned with plays and films .
tr	0	It is also hard , on the other hand , to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems .
tr	0	reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
tr	0	My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about somethings that happened in the performance of the show Over the Rainbow , wich took place in your stablishment , The Circle Theater , that made me feel very upset .
tr	0	We will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 AM CST ) .
tr	0	Give me an address or something please idk .
tr	0	Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g . `` bachelor '' = male + unmarried ) .
tr	0	Even before you will find a color you like or the right size of the trousers , you were looking for it a long time , has gone !
tr	0	Let 's just remember a seminal Bush moment in 1999 :
tr	0	It wasn ’ t dangerous .
tr	0	If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , ZebraKlub should be perfect for you .
tr	0	It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .
tr	0	The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .
tr	0	Will come again !
tr	0	I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .
tr	0	I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .
tr	0	On or about October 6 , 1999 , Kelly Cloud , Senior Vice President of CCNG , Inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM , L.P..
tr	0	No , no , please stay where you are .
tr	0	Stand in the corner of the elevator facing the wall .
tr	0	( Believe it or not , it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply . )
tr	0	Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
tr	0	when they play fight , they do n't hiss .
tr	0	Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense .
tr	0	He got up and went over to the main house for a bath .
tr	0	There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars , so why create a new one ?
tr	0	75 - Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush 's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
tr	0	Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .
tr	0	( Meanwhile , his father had been writing a treatise on `` the means of preventing thefts and murders , and of restoring the men who commit them to a useful role in society '' , in which he heaped disdain on prison as a form of crime prevention . )
tr	0	And on Wednesday morning we go to the national art gallery , but after that we can go to the Science Museum , in the afternoon .
tr	0	This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe , its a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that .
tr	0	A good place to improve your English
tr	0	The apartment loomed up around him as a kind of blur .
tr	0	There are some very clear examples of this in the recitals .
tr	0	Regardless of the wolf 's legal status , its future expansion into new areas now seems likely .
tr	0	“ I don ’ t know how long we ’ ll be . ”
tr	0	Best money I 've spent on remodeling ever .
tr	0	Sir Reginald himself will present Mweta with a buta-wood lectern and silver inkstand , it 's down for Tuesday afternoon .
tr	0	My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .
tr	0	I would highly recommend Landscape by Hiro .
tr	0	The atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70 's and 80 's .
tr	0	I am writting you because yesterday I went to the musical show `` Over the Rainbow `` and I had a bad evening .
tr	0	( This is a largely Sunni Arab clan , and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating with the Dec. 15 elections . )
tr	0	It is a good idea to include the visiting of the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery at morning time on Tuesday and Wednesday respectivelly .
tr	0	How much money does the USA give NASA per year ?
tr	0	Actually , Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session .
tr	0	I am a fan of Danny Brook and he was one of the reasons why I chose seeing Over The Rainbow , but I did n't even see him on the stage .
tr	0	however do we really like the process of chosing them ?
tr	0	Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just does n't get hot enough .
tr	0	Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .
tr	0	If you asked the young people what they spend their money the most in , most of them would answer ' clothes ' .
tr	0	`` Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament , '' read Brisbane 's Nine News .
tr	0	I 'm pleased to that I 've won the first prize at camp california in the U.S.A during two weeks .
tr	0	He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
tr	0	I have just received your letter telling me I have won the first prize in your competition , and I am glad for it .
tr	0	just in the water ?
tr	0	if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .
tr	0	I 'm writing to you because of the musical show `` Over the rainbow `` , wich I visited on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
tr	0	Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing .
tr	0	That was very disapponted .
tr	0	The Suez Crisis showed the limits of the old colonial powers such as Great Britain and France in a changing world .
tr	0	According to your first question , I would like to travel only at July because it is my school holliday so I would not miss any class .
tr	0	Finally , we would like to say you to think about our suggestion ,
tr	0	Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .
tr	0	Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?
tr	0	It would be very pleasant if I could join your basketball team , since I used to play it in my school 's team and I think I 'm pretty good at it .
tr	0	My marks was n't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
tr	0	He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?
tr	0	Dündar warned Europe about having too much understanding for Erdogan 's course .
tr	0	Firstly , what kind of clothes I have to take to the camp , clothes for hot or cold weather ?
tr	0	One reason why I choose tents is that I can feel wild life more than I stay in log cabins .
tr	0	Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish .
tr	0	by 1776 he had become Secretary to the King 's Council and a Freemason .
tr	0	Not me sorry .
tr	0	A call to the telephone ;
tr	0	There is only one thing we do n't agree with you ,
tr	0	pilgrims at Mecca 's Grand Mosque in 2008 .
tr	0	i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .
tr	0	However , once you eliminate the infestation , a cat will probably prevent reinfestation . [ 5 ]
tr	0	This was back between '05 and '09 and I do n't remember how many times we 've had it delivered .
tr	0	It 's good chatting with you .
tr	0	A bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .
tr	0	Jafari said she felt Mohamed had been subject to Islamophobia and her hashtag created greater awareness about this issue .
tr	0	Please respond to Darrell Duffie < duffie @ Stanford.EDU >
tr	0	He stopped again .
tr	0	I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu , which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite .
tr	0	Dobby knows it , sir .
tr	0	Retirement from all work was uncommon at that time .
tr	0	Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
tr	0	The birds sang so beautifully , the young deer skipped so happily , that it gladdened my old heart , and I could n't help singing too ...
tr	0	Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al-Qaeda bases in Afghanistan , saying there were `` no good targets '' in Afghanistan .
tr	0	Such a situation is unacceptable .
tr	0	Edit was the best massage therapist I 've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her !
tr	0	We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can .
tr	0	I would be very greatful if you could let us to go the show .
tr	0	I see the merit in flowing with duality .
tr	0	When you go to another country , you live by their way of life and their laws , if you do n't like it , you know how to get back out the country ( but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away , huh ) .
tr	0	Nah , I ’ m kidding .
tr	0	We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’ s shelf .
tr	0	Otherwise , hope to see you there !
tr	0	Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to read her speech to you .
tr	0	I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own .
tr	0	I 've also included a redlined draft showing changes .
tr	0	We are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .
tr	0	If they ca n't find things which they expected , they go there just only to get tired .
tr	0	In fact , I have some questions that how much money I will need , what else I have to bring with and if I have a emergency what you can do for .
tr	0	There is somebody who says that ' Shopping is not always enjoyable ' and who is happy only when can go shopping .
tr	0	Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .
tr	0	Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
tr	0	The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .
tr	0	Nabeel Hussain , 21 , Waltham Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in Canada a few months ago : Fahim Ahmad , 21 , Toronto ;
tr	0	Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .
tr	0	It is the welfare society that was New Orleans . ''
tr	0	Why do you think the Paralympic movement has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?
tr	0	do you have to go through a medical exam right away ?
tr	0	To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi .
tr	0	They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .
tr	0	Got put into the wrong room the first night , and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am !
tr	0	So I must find out a solution which can help my great father .
tr	0	The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns , cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous .
tr	0	Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities .
tr	0	Let ’ s just say he ’ s wrong .
tr	0	San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .
tr	0	Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately iodine deficient , researchers say .
tr	0	'He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .
tr	0	First of all I would like to thank you for the perfect organisation of the competition which I luckely won , I have been really very impressed .
tr	0	If she continues !
tr	0	I am very happy that with all technology that we have we do n't have to work as much as they did , like to wash plates and cups after meals , my dishwashing machine will do that for me , and I do n't have to wash my clothes my washing machine does it better .
tr	0	We have seen your programme , and like all of those , especially the Science Museum , it will good for us to increase our knowledge , and so on .
tr	0	We all had our own interests — drawing , electronics , collecting beer caps — that each appeared obscure to anyone else .
tr	0	They should have one for the All Blacks winning .
tr	0	With young ones , I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside .
tr	0	PORTILLO 'S OR WHITE CASTLE ! : D
tr	0	The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )
tr	0	It is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc .
tr	0	I 've never seen him like this before .
tr	0	I just had no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .
tr	0	Also , take note of which item is in which box .
tr	0	I ca n't leave it until this month and I 'm not able to travel at any other time of the year .
tr	0	Can you imagine the new your house ?
tr	0	President Bush on Tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the Washington area .
tr	0	Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan , although of course there are similarities .
tr	0	Now I am 16 and I have got nice baby boy .
tr	0	It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .
tr	0	In a 2003 interview with the Associated Press , Rick Santorum compared legalizing same-sex marriage in the United States to supporting bestiality .
tr	0	You CAN Do It .
tr	0	The show started late ( about 45 min . )
tr	0	In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of `` RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . ''
tr	0	The current waiting period is eight weeks .
tr	0	The building of Academy of Art in St.-Petersburg is worth visiting and interesting as historical as educational aspects .
tr	0	This frightened me so that I didn ’ t dare turn .
tr	0	AP Photo/Nasser Nasser
tr	0	The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .
tr	0	This also means that in several areas the report does not follow the liberal proposals made by the Commission .
tr	0	None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .
tr	0	Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .
tr	0	In our lyceum we have listem of `` double lessons `` .
tr	0	My wife and I would love for you to come and visit our page
tr	0	Where did he get it ?
tr	0	they were unimpressed .
tr	0	WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .
tr	0	2 ) The expression High Renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance .
tr	0	make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .
tr	0	Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .
tr	0	As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .
tr	0	His health deteriorated on the way , and Ewelina wrote to her daughter about Balzac being `` in a state of extreme weakness '' and `` sweating profusely '' .
tr	0	we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .
tr	0	This report is very good and our Group supports it .
tr	0	See the http : //officeupdate.microsoft.com/ , Microsoft Developer Network Web site for more information on TSQL .
tr	0	He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .
tr	0	This document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link .
tr	0	Product Additional Information ( example ) :
tr	0	The food was deligious and fortunately I do not had to pay for it .
tr	0	Where are you living these days ?
tr	0	With pleasure I 'll give all information wich you need .
tr	0	The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .
tr	0	But we 've been looking at streamside communities .
tr	0	He later gave in to his father 's wish and studied business .
tr	0	After the major kill-offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .
tr	0	What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .
tr	0	I am serious about doing something .
tr	0	Secondly , I believe that it is time for the European Parliament to set an example .
tr	0	Just curtains and a couple of accessories .
tr	0	It is only if the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary principle .
tr	0	Also NASA has a large outreach program for education , some people believe this is important .
tr	0	My husband and I happened in on a whim .
tr	0	I know many have already done so , but she has indeed earned our praise for being particularly open and attentive to proposals from all sides , and I think it is this openness which has given her report the quality we see today .
tr	0	Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf , where they lived separated from their parents .
tr	0	is the root element which encompasses the entire document .
tr	0	What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .
tr	0	Question No-59 by Alex Smith ( H-0045/99 )
tr	0	But why on earth should it come to that ?
tr	0	http : //i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http : //i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http : //i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 ( see links above ) .
tr	0	I 've never heard of the Stillmans .
tr	0	I had n't tought for a restaurant to go to after the show , because if the advertisement had been right , there should had to be a luxury restaurant where I could eat .
tr	0	If you go shopping for ( buy ) clothes that is the worse kind of shopping .
tr	0	Our Group emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity , the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing programmes .
tr	0	Secondly , I would like to live in log cabins while I am staying at the camp .
tr	0	You deserve to have it yourself . Auster paused for a moment .
tr	0	Now I hide a lot less . '' )
tr	0	McDonnell did well early in his term pushing back against Senate Democrats who wanted huge tax increases in response to major revenue shortfalls during the recession .
tr	0	As of 2016 , the demand for electricity in the residential is leading among the different sectors .
tr	0	From the 'edit ' menu select 'paste ' .
tr	0	This place rocked .
tr	0	`` At the same time , the characters represent a particular range of social types :
tr	0	One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .
tr	0	My wife know my harmless secret and supports me .
tr	0	How did executive types ever learn of such things ?
tr	0	Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
tr	0	03/28/2001 01:09 PM
tr	0	1 ) Edison International- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. ( 2 in total )
tr	0	There is no lower rating for Noonan 's Liquor , owners and employees .
tr	0	Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .
tr	0	Where do we vote ?
tr	0	This June , leaders from all over Africa will meet in Malabo , Equatorial Guinea , to set the agenda for agricultural policy in the next decade .
tr	0	According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian Ancestry in Roma is North-West India .
tr	0	My group welcomes that opportunity and supports the Commission and our rapporteurs in their efforts to secure a future for Europe 's railways .
tr	0	Even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc . can add years to their lives .
tr	0	I will start up again in mid-July ...
tr	0	Since 1973 , Le Monde has openly taken the side of the Arabs in their struggle with Israel .
tr	0	It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .
tr	0	Soon after his arrival , Theodorus was the new de facto leader , though he claimed to be only acting on behalf of Horsiesios .
tr	0	For the quality , the prices ( $ 4- $ 6 ) have to be the best in town .
tr	0	Since reintroduction , however , Ripple and Beschta have found , fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .
tr	0	The smell of Virginia Stillman 's perfume hovered around him , and he began to imagine what she looked like without any clothes on .
tr	0	Therefore , I would like to refund some money .
tr	0	He was three times seriously wounded .
tr	0	The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is walking .
tr	0	Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .
tr	0	Once you feel confident about your language , experiment and expand :
tr	0	( 3 ) The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government ;
tr	0	I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .
tr	0	But it was a good experience for me because I learnt how to claim down and play well in front of the audience the concert .
tr	0	Nice big brother with retarded sister .
tr	0	Electrical Engineering Department , Bataan Peninsula State University , 2100 , Balanga City Bataan , Philippines
tr	0	Rodin featured Balzac in several of his smaller sculptures as well .
tr	0	New Zealand skilled migrant visa ?
tr	0	Firstly , let me explain the way from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
tr	0	If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .
tr	0	Finally , I hoped that I could have a diner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make my totally disappointed , it was closed , and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00 .
tr	0	The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .
tr	0	Just recently discovered them last time I was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
tr	0	He had been out nearly three years ; and , later on , I could not help asking him how he managed to sport such linen .
tr	0	The station staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an excellent job of crowd control but lines for the subway can still be hours long and very exhausting .
tr	0	The team used Formica fusca , an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies .
tr	0	It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .
tr	0	In addition to the harmful effects of mercury is that it emits Ultraviolet ( UV ) Radiation .
tr	0	If it ’ s a trick , how do I do it then ? ”
tr	0	She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .
tr	0	There is a proper balanced way to achieve the rights that everybody here wants to see .
tr	0	This probably makes them less rowdy .
tr	0	Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs well beyond Europe 's borders .
tr	0	We do n't expect much bad to happened in our hoilday , but this was perfectic show as well ,
tr	0	If possible , could you let me know what I 'll need for example which clothes I must take and how much I can expect to spend .
tr	0	Thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
tr	0	`` I am too .
tr	0	There is even a section of lanterns sponsored by foreign countries .
tr	0	Pubs in Philadelphia ?
tr	0	Your buddy Beau invited me .
tr	0	The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
tr	0	therefore they will not attempt to make this claim .
tr	0	Is there any cure for mouse poison ?
tr	0	Chart with category field
tr	0	We should inspire more kids like you to like science .
tr	0	Bray asked , How on earth have you managed ?
tr	0	Switzerland is one , and the Netherlands are passing the same law .
tr	0	Service does not get any better ! ! ! !
tr	0	They have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .
tr	0	There was also a list of the new books he 'd need for the coming year .
tr	0	this is not good .
tr	0	I wish you are fine .
tr	0	If you have a strong aversion to this outcome , aiming head-downward before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure the destruction of your cranium and your immediate demise .
tr	0	Mr. Kurtz was ...
tr	0	Through you I urge the Commission and the Council to reach decisions and take urgent action following the meeting on 14 October .
tr	0	I 'm very good in swimming and surfing .
tr	0	Each XML document must have a unique root element ( an element encompassing the entire document ) .
tr	0	turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ... .
tr	0	The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .
tr	0	Tom 's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis .
tr	0	They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .
tr	0	Darrell Duffie < duffie @ Stanford.EDU > on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 PM
tr	0	Excellent , Dudley , said Uncle Vernon .
tr	0	Joyce is a farmer who grows bananas , vegetables , and maize on a small plot of land in rural Tanzania .
tr	0	Watch out for Place , Street , Avenue designation , e.g . 47th Place , 47th Street , or Florence Place , Florence Avenue .
tr	0	At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .
tr	0	As you know I had a wonderful experience in last month so I am writing to tell you .
tr	0	10/20/2000 11:32 AM
tr	0	“ Is there really much more logic in the opposite extreme which denies any kind of sound symbolism ( apart from the small class of evident echoisms and ‘ onomatopoeia ’ ) and sees in our words only a collection of accidental and irrational associations of sound and meaning ? ...
tr	0	The deadline expires today , so if we do not vote , we shall miss the opportunity to deliver our opinion .
tr	0	I 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
tr	0	I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
tr	0	Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait on us .
tr	0	It is in many ways the birthplace of Classical Greece , and therefore of Western civilization .
tr	0	After all this problems I became dissappointed .
tr	0	She , her mother , and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs .
tr	0	I know that it must have special properties .
tr	0	maybe too much .
tr	0	There was yet a visit to the doctor .
tr	0	Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome several times , but each time Augustus refused his requests .
tr	0	While primarily used as an infielder , he has started in and played at every position for the Red Sox , except for pitcher and catcher .
tr	0	We 'll find time when things settle down .
tr	0	Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .
tr	0	Adjust your daily budget at any time .
tr	0	If all goes well , the following day will be the fourth .
tr	0	you do n't know what that means ?
tr	0	I do n't particularly want to stay with them atm either .
tr	0	Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a `` smart '' mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( E.g. , pathalias , smail , etc . )
tr	0	this was excellent ,
tr	0	IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .
tr	0	The following autumn , he went up to Trinity College , Cambridge , [ 24 ] where he met and formed a close friendship with the younger John Edleston .
tr	0	I 'd like to ask you some questions : Is necessary bring money to the Camp ?
tr	0	The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
tr	0	If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .
tr	0	From the first pad , many more will form .
tr	0	The view uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component , so you can do all the things that you can do on a PivotTable list .
tr	0	Everyone is relaxed and having fun ! ! !
tr	0	- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
tr	0	The rustling might have been mice .
tr	0	At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .
tr	0	They have been my only `` go-to '' resource since we first did business together .
tr	0	Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .
tr	0	Contrary to all rational expectations , a group of citizens armed with not much more than sticks and shields made of cardboard boxes and metal garbage-can lids overwhelmed a police force firing live ammunition .
tr	0	The worst thing is that he could not improve this behaviour .
tr	0	What is more , the show is free for all the students .
tr	0	We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .
tr	0	Getting real frustrated now aye .
tr	0	Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions .
tr	0	But when we are in society , we have to be careful not to disturb the other persons .
tr	0	If you have any trouble with the boiler , for heaven 's sake let Mackie look at it before you send to town .
tr	0	Lorie Leigh @ ECT
tr	0	A beautiful spring light shone on the cobblestones , flowers of many colors stood in window boxes along the house fronts , and far down at the end of the street was the ocean , with its white waves and blue , blue water .
tr	0	Identifying filters that are currently in effect
tr	0	In the next week or so , we 'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues , and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .
tr	0	They would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose . ''
tr	0	`` But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and , to some extent , blur the boundaries . ''
tr	0	Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls .
tr	0	Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis , Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen .
tr	0	Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .
tr	0	King snakes sometimes stop eating , particularly during the cooler part of the year .
tr	0	So , in my opinion , new tecnology has changed , is changeing and will change my daily life ,
tr	0	Firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free cabin and waste of time putting on some clothes and in the end they are not the right size .
tr	0	Among the animals that were available to touch were pony 's , camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH ! ! !
tr	0	Disney won another Honorary Academy Award , which consisted of one full-sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes .
tr	0	At the same time , Richard 's vivid self-awareness looks forward to the soliloquies of Shakespeare 's mature plays .
tr	0	This is the most humble gym you will every step into ... . if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be ! !
tr	0	I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .
tr	0	This was for me the only shopping tour which was not enjoyable .
tr	0	Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute .
tr	0	The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .
tr	0	Can you provide me with more details ?
tr	0	In our winner-takes-alleconomy , an innovator who develops a better Web site for online dog-food purchases and deliveries may attract everyone around the world who uses the Internet to order dog food , making enormous profits in the process .
tr	0	Is the video available to the public ?
tr	0	It is not too far and the openning hours fit us .
tr	0	Naturally , the Turkish Cypriots will have a place in the representation of the lawful and internationally recognized government of Cyprus .
tr	0	Secondly , that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night .
tr	0	Kindly young men , but utterly programmed and brain-dead .
tr	0	Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . ''
tr	0	Gútaamay ( from the village of Butam ) , Gulapaoray ( from the village Djilapaor ) and Gusiilay ( ISO 639-3 : bsl ) from the village of Thionk Essil are also other languages related to Eegimaa .
tr	0	It is on the southern point of the main island of Utu Vava ' u and has an attractive setting on one of the world 's most beautiful harbours .
tr	0	a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .
tr	0	I figure I would give this company a chance .
tr	0	The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
tr	0	I wondered if I should kill it before then .
tr	0	Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air , They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy , food is pretty good to .
tr	0	I will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .
tr	0	It was too little for this festival .
tr	0	Ye $ you can Text in CANADA to the U $ on a U $ number .
tr	0	Not an inch .
tr	0	Owner is willing to meet me half way with him .
tr	0	Intricate details about locations sometimes stretch for fifteen or twenty pages .
tr	0	Otherwise , I will assume you will book the two tickets .
tr	0	In Design view of a form , report , or data access page , you can format a control in the following ways :
tr	0	Alto delivers on all levels .
tr	0	At the end of all these circumstances we were so puzzled and disappointed that we decided to make a complaint .
tr	0	Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .
tr	0	I pulled the bike to a halt , the front wheel pointing in his direction .
tr	0	And this is what America , bubbling with political illusions , is up against .
tr	0	Making a short video about daily life is an enjoyable but difficult thing to do .
tr	0	Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( `` Our Sea '' ) .
tr	0	The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .
tr	0	My womenfolk packed kosher-beef sandwiches for me .
tr	0	Game 9 : Friday , July 6 @ 7:30PM vs. Indiana FEVER
tr	0	Date : Monday , May 7th
tr	0	Secondly , the times , it 's available 14.30 and 19.30 so I choose 19.30 .
tr	0	Unlike Iraq , Iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by grueling sanctions , repeated attacks , and two American-led wars .
tr	0	At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .
tr	0	The flood had made , the wind was nearly calm , and being bound down the river , the only thing for it was to come to and wait for the turn of the tide .
tr	0	Are you sure it is n't dirt on the sensor ?
tr	0	I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House ... .
tr	0	Yes , I have usually voted National .
tr	0	Futermore , I am going to have competition next year .
tr	0	George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .
tr	0	I have Chronic Lyme disease , so I 'm stuck at home .
tr	0	Shamin Mohammed Uddin , 36 , Stoke Newington
tr	0	it is to late for me to add changes .
tr	0	Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .
tr	0	< < PG & E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc > > < < Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc > > < < COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000 Proposal.xls > >
tr	0	Camp , cook , sleep , strike camp , march .
tr	0	Modern technology , such as computer , car and other else , changed my life in many different ways like communication , traveling and working .
tr	0	It opens at 8.00 am to 5.00 pm
tr	0	To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .
tr	0	The thing looked as dead as the carcass of some animal .
tr	0	I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas .
tr	0	However , we 'd like to ask about London Fashion and Leisure Show that we 've seen an advertisement on this week college newspaper .
tr	0	I ca n't be concentrate in a shop , but I ca n't relaxe as well .
tr	0	Two males can fight and you definitely do n't want babies ! !
tr	0	Byron fell in love with Mary Chaworth , whom he met while at school , [ 6 ] and she was the reason he refused to return to Harrow in September 1803 .
tr	0	Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply .
tr	0	The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .
tr	0	Let me know if you have any questions .
tr	0	Thanks in Advance .
tr	0	Quinn wanted to drop the conversation right there , but something in him persisted .
tr	0	Of course , we tried to pick the locks , but the spikes and saws and drillheads remained — tantalisingly — out of reach .
tr	0	Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .
tr	0	Secondly , we ca n't forget either that all of us have conditions to communicate with people by mobile phones , by internet , who live not only in this country , but also abroad .
tr	0	The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .
tr	0	Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .
tr	0	If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out !
tr	0	Do you want to limit the scope of LibriVox strictly to old public domain works , or do you have plans to include recent works under reasonably permissive licenses as well ?
tr	0	My house had survived the war with all its brown clay walls intact , though the garden and the courtyard were a heap of blackened rubble .
tr	0	Because of the crowd .
tr	0	Cape Town 's local government is the City of Cape Town , which is a metropolitan municipality .
tr	0	Let me answer this question .
tr	0	Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the West Coast .
tr	0	I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .
tr	0	the Member States obtain more powers .
tr	0	So you can come back home and revisit what you need to do and , you know , where the team 's at .
tr	0	Shake them up once the lids are on tightly .
tr	0	But , the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory .
tr	0	That 's about it .
tr	0	So all the fashion industry will work to make clothes more useful , practical and comfortable .
tr	0	The type of audience :
tr	0	Another matter we would like to address , specifically from the point of view of industrial policy , is that we would have liked the Commission to pay more attention to the effects of services , electronic commerce and the growing use of the Internet , when they were planning the coordination of Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds .
tr	0	I 'm excited to go on holliday there and thanks to you , I will realize a dream that I always wanted to do .
tr	0	Therefor I would n't change anything in my home life and neither in my school life .
tr	0	I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call .
tr	0	There was certainly more despair in Saddam 's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer 's Iraq , and no one exploded himself .
tr	0	yoga and horses ... .. ?
tr	0	This is a perfect place to get your hair done .
tr	0	If I am hungry I open the refrigerator and take foods and cook it with a microwave .
tr	0	Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .
tr	0	We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .
tr	0	I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel .
tr	0	Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .
tr	0	Over the past 50 years , the destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately 40 % of agricultural land worldwide via erosion , salinization , compaction , nutrient depletion , pollution , and urbanization .
tr	0	We have brains . ''
tr	0	An enthusiastic reader and independent thinker as a child , Balzac had trouble adapting to the teaching style of his grammar school .
tr	0	He rose slowly .
tr	0	This place is top notch and highly affordable !
tr	0	You do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .
tr	0	1 year before collage or college ?
tr	0	extend , and if you want to end it , you just say bye ,
tr	0	Yes , you must pay customs duties .
tr	0	Answering another of your questions , I am more likely to stay in a log cabin considering that I will be to weeks in the camp .
tr	0	Other random good ones :
tr	0	In fact , you probably wo n't ever want to leave .
tr	0	In fact , all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province .
tr	0	You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile .
tr	0	This town needs some food soul and this is not it .
tr	0	I 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in Naha .
tr	0	Progressive Mérida had electric trams and street lights before Mexico City .
tr	0	Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico .
tr	0	Vladi Pimenov ext . 37625
tr	0	I 've already Won three prizes about it .
tr	0	If it covered ball games as badly as it reviews books , the fans would storm it like the Bastille .
tr	0	High-tech industry began to flourish after World War II , and since that time the growth of Phoenix has been explosive .
tr	0	Sitara is n't matching the spreadsheet .
tr	0	PivotTable view with nested custom groups
tr	0	When we arrived at the restaurant we had to realize that it was closed because the cook was ill .
tr	0	I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D :
tr	0	certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .
tr	0	Back outside on the marble steps , they all separated .
tr	0	I asked her afterwards if she understood why people might vote for Trump .
tr	0	Investments in this area were up by 6 % in 2015 to $ 221bn .
tr	0	Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .
tr	0	Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .
tr	0	So it is depend on different case .
tr	0	Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude .
tr	0	I 'm planning my trip to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations .
tr	0	Then , glancing down , I saw a face near my hand .
tr	0	The good news is that Park 's government is working to change this .
tr	0	According over programme we have a free time on Wednesday , March 15 .
tr	0	I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .
tr	0	In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .
tr	0	And I became even more angry to have to wait 45 minutes for the show to begin .
tr	0	I have been learning since I was 15 year old .
tr	0	Secondly , because they have admiration for them and lastly because they want dreams and see what a `` star life `` look like .
tr	0	A cafeteria lunch in New York actually refers to a meeting in Canada between Churchill and Roosevelt , and a tussle with a drunk in the hallway of a rooming house corresponds to D-Day .
tr	0	There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .
tr	0	Happy New Year , stranger !
tr	0	How about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel period ?
tr	0	A tourist visa card ( visa de tarjeta del turista ) is necessary for travelers from most nations .
tr	0	If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .
tr	0	Eventually when he found his brother he had resolution .
tr	0	Excellent bagels and excellent service !
tr	0	Try their weekend `` tastings '' which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .
tr	0	Would dinner Thursday work instead .
tr	0	I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote .
tr	0	Make sure all the pockets are empty .
tr	0	We will have a relaxing room , with soft light , music New Age and a lot of essences .
tr	0	Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe , slipped inside , closed the door and turned to collapse on his bed .
tr	0	After the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in Mc ' Donalds .
tr	0	Cereal , diaper and houseware boxes are a good size and durable .
tr	0	I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .
tr	0	11/28/2000 08:22 AM
tr	0	The Irish weather works on the ‘ four seasons in a day ’ principle , which basic­ally means that you can ’ t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky .
tr	0	Traci Warner @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 PM
tr	0	Now Kim , I will finish my letter but I promise you to write again as soon as possible , maybe if I 've developed the photos of the concert and the stars and the ... .
tr	0	As in the real world , the first step to flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in !
tr	0	Anyway , after watching the musical , I felt a bit peckish so I went to the restaurant again with hope that it might be open , but still , nobody was in .
tr	0	Sunday , November 25 , 2007
tr	0	Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?
tr	0	03/27/2001 01:58 PM
tr	0	School-Camps At Kopinga Marae [ 3 ] also utilise this wonderful national treasure for hosting visiting school groups .
tr	0	What are good places to eat brunch at ? ?
tr	0	Find anything , Dad ? said Fred eagerly .
tr	0	We do n't have old-traditioned rules or something alike .
tr	0	From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer months the winds are from the northeast .
tr	0	If you take him here for shots , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .
tr	0	If you can check with the other airlines during this period , you may get excellent discount airfare , which may even surprise you .
tr	0	The theme this year was `` Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition . ''
tr	0	Its management , however , has n't been devoid of criticism .
tr	0	Most of the `` talking heads '' on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .
tr	0	The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future .
tr	0	And he is a teacher . ''
tr	0	Bugs were a small problem , nothing too bad .
tr	0	The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way .
tr	0	To my surprise $ 20 deposit ... . New movies not on shelf..under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only ... or people who spend $ 30 or more groceries..
tr	0	best place for snowboard eva .
tr	0	Im around 5 ' 2 - 5 ' 4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i 'll need that i wont grow out of quickly ?
tr	0	The New Italian Kid on the Block
tr	0	For better or worse , all the folks under the heading `` Origination '' and `` Development '' are ours , although Kathleen has a special role with Development .
tr	0	Dear Mr. Horton ,
tr	0	Peter is looking currently for a job .
tr	0	He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .
tr	0	The respect of Famous people 's private life has always been a hot topic ...
tr	0	and being an absolute Johannes factotum , is in his own conceit the only Shake-Scene in a country .
tr	0	I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .
tr	0	Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6
tr	0	Then I got a bill for $ 483.00 .
tr	0	or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
tr	0	We can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up , and hairstyles which we will learn next term .
tr	0	Finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , markets ( we have a very interesting robot-market ) .
tr	0	But when she asked who wanted to be a cleaner , nobody raised his hand and I felt so shameful that I lowered my head .
tr	0	He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .
tr	0	Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .
tr	0	Recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
tr	0	The Web site 's net contribution to economic growth may in fact be relatively small .
tr	0	It was seven o'clock now .
tr	0	Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .
tr	0	He shuffled athwart , keeping one eye ahead vigilantly .
tr	0	They close whenever they feel like it , often well before their listed closing time .
tr	0	Furthermore you have mentioned some discounts in your advertisment , but I had to pay the full price although I am a student .
tr	0	Call-in # : 800/711-8000
tr	0	Oh my gosh , they are great !
tr	0	`` There is still a 'yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , '' she says .
tr	0	Please review and let me know what you think .
tr	0	All-you can-eat style deal .
tr	0	They have intentions improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one beleives it is really so .
tr	0	'Du calme , du calme .
tr	0	In 1709 , Rowe passed down a tradition that Shakespeare played the ghost of Hamlet 's father .
tr	0	What is the best time of year ?
tr	0	I 've red that I will have a chance to do two extra activities while I will be at Camp .
tr	0	The call will terminate once everyone has hung up .
tr	0	What country are we talking about ?
tr	0	In 1608 , the partnership also took over the Blackfriars indoor theatre .
tr	0	This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .
tr	0	You ca n't have met many decent wizards , said Harry , trying to cheer him up .
tr	0	Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?
tr	0	According to your advertisement , the starrings were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .
tr	0	Great People and even better service !
tr	0	The old man and woman tried to keep her staying their house , but they could n't .
tr	0	Finally , I am writing to request a full-refund for my friends and I , because I felt your advertisement was misleading .
tr	0	In my opinion , shopping is relaxing above all on Saturdays when you have finished a work week and you are expecting a wonderful Sunday .
tr	0	Any sort of pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else do n't have a place in flirtatious conversations .
tr	0	Self-destructive addiction to processed foods , which economists would describe as an `` internality '' , can lower quality of life for those afflicted , and can eventually lead to externalities for society , such as higher health-care costs .
tr	0	Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
tr	0	As we all know , technology had a gigantic improvement over the last 20 years , and today , it affects us in many ways .
tr	0	There was a moment in the stadium at the actual Independence ceremony when he heard it on the perimeter of the sky just as Kenyatta began to speak , and he and Vivien Bayley , the young wife of the registrar of the new university , sitting beside him , collided glances of alert apprehension ...
tr	0	Saturday probably works better for me , just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon ! !
tr	0	I would like to go in July after taking my examination at the college in the end of June .
tr	0	The crop dusters were to be part of a `` second wave . ''
tr	0	The more they are in the media , the more they will be famous .
tr	0	We not only borrow books from liabrary but also study at liabrary .
tr	0	I loves him so much and I do n't want anything from him although he is the owner of this castle . ``
tr	0	You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;
tr	0	Mistake is inevitable as long as there are human beings .
tr	0	Finally , I would like to make one big suggestion : you should find a place for a camping so that people who come from a long way do n't have to spend money on accomodation .
tr	0	Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .
tr	0	Then – would you believe it ? – I tried the women .
tr	0	In conclusion I think that there must be more compehension and respect between famous people and the media .
tr	0	Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?
tr	0	I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .
tr	0	This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .
tr	0	The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ... .
tr	0	Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly .
tr	0	Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .
tr	0	He winked at me .
tr	0	Pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , Leo !
tr	0	I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out .
tr	0	Everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
tr	0	My opinion piece on the implications of Arafat 's passing for al-Qaeda has appeared at Newsday .
tr	0	Uncle Vernon was large and neckless , with an enormous black moustache ; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and bony ; Dudley was blond , pink and porky .
tr	0	After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries , you 'll probably want to ask how the person 's doing ( just like you might in the real world ) .
tr	0	The boss is a Hasid .
tr	0	I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .
tr	0	From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear : small , self-governing territories with their own political systems .
tr	0	A comparison of categories and sub-categories between both groups provides preliminary findings to support an emergent model , or models , of the “ transmedia fan ” .
tr	0	Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis @ enron.com
tr	0	I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
tr	0	Mr Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed .
tr	0	And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .
tr	0	Australia , hardened by their recent games in the Rugby Championship , were in a higher gear .
tr	0	Thomas Sam , a practising homeopath , instead decided to treat his daughter himself .
tr	0	Hit the road .
tr	0	The Accountant had brought out already a box of dominoes , and was toying architecturally with the bones .
tr	0	Create a new layer and fill the later with black .
tr	0	But their parents refused to accept this .
tr	0	Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires ?
tr	0	I 'll be sure to come back .
tr	0	Restricting use of a chart
tr	0	WHAT IS THAT ? ? ? ? ?
tr	0	On top of things , I had quiz at 8am .
tr	0	Thanks for your letter ,
tr	0	But they can at least lay booby-traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “ active defence ” .
tr	0	The provisions of that Act shall form an integral part of this Treaty .
tr	0	They will be sending the revised document to me .
tr	0	I did the same thing that you did for christmas .
tr	0	I 'll initiate the call .
tr	0	The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible : Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen ; Mrs Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth ; Mr Dursley jumped to his feet , veins throbbing in his temples .
tr	0	My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .
tr	0	A negative number is not available .
tr	0	The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .
tr	0	06/02/2001 10:53 AM
tr	0	- ENRON.XLS < < File : ENRON.XLS > >
tr	0	Everybody likes from a child to an old lady in sixties but it is not always enjoyable .
tr	0	I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .
tr	0	the only way to cross it was walking on an old big trunk which was lying down , peacefully , making the only connection between our side and the other .
tr	0	That is why the Socialist Group will be supporting this position .
tr	0	In 1839 , China found itself fighting the First Opium War with Great Britain after the Governor-General of Hunan and Hubei , Lin Zexu , banned the foreign trade of opium .
tr	0	Of THESE three , it 's a toss-up between Royal and Carnival .
tr	0	Confirmation Desk : you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .
tr	0	What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .
tr	0	You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .
tr	0	I don ’ t want to call my dad who is probably with Joyce , his girlfriend , anyway .
tr	0	I gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers ' home .
tr	0	But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .
tr	0	If you want miracles you 'll have to go to 21st St .
tr	0	On the positive side , if I am bored , the first thing that I want to do is watching television or listening to music .
tr	0	Your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love , self-sacrifice and mutual trust .
tr	0	Broad , I say , is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut .
tr	0	But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .
tr	0	Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3.5 Wine 5 ( NOV 07 )
tr	0	This is the insidious conspiracy I call `` Mommism '' .
tr	0	Love this place ! !
tr	0	If mistaken , how did those reports first come about ?
tr	0	Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand , covered , for 5 minutes .
tr	0	What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .
tr	0	Now I have wife and son .
tr	0	Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?
tr	0	It takes some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought .
tr	0	They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .
tr	0	Today 's weapons do not have that kind of problem , and are much more reliable .
tr	0	They have done very well and like the dry food better .
tr	0	An old Mormon missionary in Nauvoo once gripped my knee hard as we sat side by side , and he put his arm about me and called me `` Brother . ''
tr	0	It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .
tr	0	For that reason the Commission believes that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year 2005 .
tr	0	Beside these two buses , there is no public transport , but car rental with driver is available .
tr	0	Please approve Susan 's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to me .
tr	0	I do n't think there is something I 'd like to change !
tr	0	would You like going for *coffee* with him ?
tr	0	The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .
tr	0	How can I make my password strong ?
tr	0	It 's a real case with real people .
tr	0	Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .
tr	0	A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac 's novels .
tr	0	On the other hand , this is n't to say that you should necessarily make jokes at other people 's expense , as this can make you seem mean and petty .
tr	0	If you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie ... @ yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .
tr	0	I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .
tr	0	I just called this number and it is a Ralph 's Market .
tr	0	I 'm a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular emails from other members and the staff .
tr	0	Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .
tr	0	Have you every traveled before ?
tr	0	Casals did not answer .
tr	0	There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .
tr	0	`` Yes , '' I said .
tr	0	Great place for embroidery .
tr	0	Her limbs were weathered and ringed , like the branches of trees in the dry country .
tr	0	Marine said to Pat that `` I had knowed that because I talked with my real father every month but my parents does n't know that because I am waiting for them to say me the reality `` .
tr	0	I watched the coast .
tr	0	Image : Nick Moreau .
tr	0	A good thing !
tr	0	Most of my day I spend in front of one of those machines , studying , researching , playing and talking to friends all around the world .
tr	0	I bought group ticket for the show .
tr	0	01/24/2001 11:21 AM
tr	0	At the moment there 's no interest , but that 'll probably change .
tr	0	Yesterday Larry suggested going to cinema after school .
tr	0	This is a fun one .
tr	0	McKenzie , a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball , retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .
tr	0	Lots of places .
tr	0	In his mind , he caught a glimpse of the blue map on the wall and the sunlight pouring through the window , so like the sunlight that surrounded him now .
tr	0	During the first century of development , Spanish dominance in the region remained undisputed .
tr	0	PATH environment variable .
tr	0	Are you enjoying Houston ?
tr	0	I can play tennis better I can swim , because since I was I child I 've been practising it .
tr	0	That was the day that GOD 'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .
tr	0	On the other hand there is a big problem : the mony .
tr	0	WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world ’ s most prevalent , yet easily preventable , cause of brain damage .
tr	0	For all this reasons I do wish that I would not have been gone see that show , for which the tickets were not available .
tr	0	I have received your letter which is make me happy .
tr	0	Are either of you familiar with this project ?
tr	0	Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .
tr	0	You said they live in different cages and they are free in day , so no problem , do n't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens , wet bedding can cause diseases in them !
tr	0	The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills .
tr	0	Pedro Sánchez , like many other socialists , said in the programme Évole that Spain is a nation of nations .
tr	0	It was just great and after this event I can say that popular people are normal humans like everyone !
tr	0	You wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which I enjoyed helping last month ?
tr	0	Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales persons attention .
tr	0	It ' already four years since I bought my first cellular phone ( then I changed it many times ) and it is always very useful for me : everyone can speak with me wherever I am .
tr	0	It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .
tr	0	I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .
tr	0	At the Ask the President event on Friday , one of the questions was about whether Bush has any thoughts about his memoirs .
tr	0	Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .
tr	0	And there was a heavier sound , a rasp , like a box pulled over concrete .
tr	0	Daniela Karine Ramos dadaniela @ gmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin
tr	0	Where did I make them ?
tr	0	Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .
tr	0	The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government , who presides over a five-member Council of Government .
tr	0	The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .
tr	0	As a preventive approach , designed to optimise the environmental performance of products , while maintaining their functional qualities , it provides genuine new opportunities for manufacturers , for consumers and for society as a whole .
tr	0	You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before you get to the second-class trading area ?
tr	0	What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .
tr	0	We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self-certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .
tr	0	Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf .
tr	0	Buy yourself some more books . Or a few toys for your kid .
tr	0	At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .
tr	0	anyway , we shall have three months in London now , with perhaps a week or two in Ireland .
tr	0	I look forward to heard from you
tr	0	Then the desserts came , and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
tr	0	Iguazu is a big or a small country ?
tr	0	The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
tr	0	All fathers things were missing .
tr	0	I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my Mom emailed me about it , I re-read it , and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .
tr	0	Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia , for all South American countries and Bulgaria , also including other South-Eastern European countries .
tr	0	The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded .
tr	0	Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to Sean.Cooper @ ElPaso.com
tr	0	I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .
tr	0	Manuscript review and processing took about four months .
tr	0	What else , unless they pass the exam they have to get extra lesson or test .
tr	0	maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
tr	0	News of police response to a boy 's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired a global social movement in support of the youth .
tr	0	As a result , critics of the time mostly rated Shakespeare below John Fletcher and Ben Jonson .
tr	0	He was a tall dark fellow in his mid-thirties , with rumpled clothes and a two-day beard .
tr	0	First of all thank you very much for the good news that I have won the first price in your competition .
tr	0	Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood 's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs , the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation .
tr	0	After an education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon , at age of fifteen he entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg , East Prussia , then part of Poland ; however , his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life at the school , and he soon decided to return home .
tr	0	- enrongss.xls < < File : enrongss.xls > >
tr	0	I do n't know .
tr	0	But he just melded with everybody .
tr	0	Are the hotels back up and running ?
tr	0	Only with pragmatic , fact-based Regulation can the world realize genetic engineering 's full disease-fighting potential .
tr	0	And what was the verse that we have ?
tr	0	For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .
tr	0	PCBs accumulate in dolphins in Sarasota Bay , in Texas , in North Carolina .
tr	0	How to Flirt Through Instant Messaging
tr	0	At first I would say that our technology level , in this time are very high but in the future it would be higher .
tr	0	September 26 , 2001
tr	0	`` There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , '' Pike said .
tr	0	About accomodation , I prefer stay log cabins because I do n't like to stay in tents which are unconfortable for me .
tr	0	All this in one morning , and the day just begins , what doing next ?
tr	0	then , he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared .
tr	0	`` What is she ? ''
tr	0	Lastly , your theatre restaurant had been closed already when the show was finished , because the time of begining of the show was late .
tr	0	The other rolls were n't at all special , especially given their pricing .
tr	0	Why use ANSI-92 SQL ?
tr	0	If you do n't want to regret about shopping , you have to make a shopping list firstly before going shopping .
tr	0	Groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
tr	0	We look forward to hearing a good news from you soon .
tr	0	13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .
tr	0	Here 's a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst ( Degenerate Art ) exhibit of 1937 :
tr	0	Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce ... .they are all too difficult for them to digest .
tr	0	I ordered 1000 postcards , we normally order 5000 or more .
tr	0	Such a relief !
tr	0	Here 's what the owner has said :
tr	0	Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change .
tr	0	Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .
tr	0	Eventually , the restaurant which belongs to the theatre was closed .
tr	0	He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular , Real Time Traders .
tr	0	However , you can open the page in Design view and create additional group levels to make the page appear similar to the original object .
tr	0	Back in 1972 in the Deep South , many rural counties did n't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus .
tr	0	First you need a compatible pair .
tr	0	I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station .
tr	0	I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday .
tr	0	If I found a spot , I couldnt fit in it .
tr	0	I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I 've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown , but when i tried this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away ! !
tr	0	I look forward to hearing from you .
tr	0	Mankind , Nation and Individual : from a linguistic point of view ( 1925 ) is one of the pioneering works on Sociolinguistics .
tr	0	But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the `` girls '' .
tr	0	Typically in the back of the paper .
tr	0	No doubt , in 2005 you 'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world .
tr	0	Photo from Space.com
tr	0	Firstly I become to write letters and articles , next I learned several computers plays .
tr	0	Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .
tr	0	I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you present at the moment : `` Over the Rainbow `` .
tr	0	If the marlin could speak it would have told the old man 's same thing .
tr	0	only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .
tr	0	He 's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle .
tr	0	It 's a moment in that you can talk to your relatives and use this conversation to know more about yourselves .
tr	0	But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .
tr	0	You made a choice to be a mommy , you dont get a break until they move out , thats the choice that you madea and that 's life .
tr	0	My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .
tr	0	He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .
tr	0	He wondered if the young Auster had been any better at it than he was .
tr	0	After having thought about this video and asked different people so as to know what they suggested , I reached the following conclusions : we must film the lessons which are the most important and the activities which take a great part in a day at school ; this being in three parts .
tr	0	Then , I would be glad if you could have my money back .
tr	0	When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
tr	0	Barb does an AMAZING JOB , she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body , to give every person an AWESOME MASSAGE , CALL TODAY AND SCHEDULE YOU MUST SEE HER , YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE SHE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST !
tr	0	The short answer is that we do n't know .
tr	0	It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .
tr	0	I know I need some of your organizational skills .
tr	0	yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .
tr	0	US President Barack Obama tweet to student Ahmed Mohamed
tr	0	But it was worthy .
tr	0	I hope your dad 's surgery goes well !
tr	0	Also , I 'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot 's daughter Julie .
tr	0	It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .
tr	0	A simple follow-up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .
tr	0	Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .
tr	0	I am writing to answer the informations that you need from me .
tr	0	The English wikiHow has only 60 admins , compared to the 1000 + on English Wikipedia .
tr	0	I have also a licence for sailing but I have not done it for a long time .
tr	0	1530 LOPEZ , Ruy b. in Zafra , Spain .
tr	0	He looked around , saw Harry , and jumped .
tr	0	Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine annually .
tr	0	( Note that we do not consider case studies , purely observational data , or research on L2s acquired by children ; for a comprehensive review , see [ 16 ] ) .
tr	0	$ 2b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003 .
tr	0	The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for .
tr	0	He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .
tr	0	My Favorite place at Wildwood
tr	0	Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities , but no I/S items .
tr	0	We can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit .
tr	0	3 . The Syrian Connection
tr	0	I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .
tr	0	In 1976 he met with a friend who worked with his record label The Rocket Record Company , Kiki Dee , to record what would be another remarkable success for him : `` Do n't Go Breaking My Heart '' .
tr	0	Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .
tr	0	I hear you are coming our way soon .
tr	0	Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .
tr	0	-- -= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption = -- -
tr	0	We would like to ask you if there is any chance to get our money back of or if you can offer any other alternative for our convenience ?
tr	0	A very well established service with a satisfying outcome .
tr	0	Now and then a boat from the shore gave one a momentary contact with reality .
tr	0	43.6m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .
tr	0	He saw Fred and George look at each other .
tr	0	In addition , I would appreciate if you let me know what is the kind of clothing required for the Camp ; if I need some money there and for what ; and finally if the prize is just for me or if I can go with somebody else .
tr	0	`` Non ! '' means `` non '' , not `` I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case . ''
tr	0	So that , I consider myself expirienced enough .
tr	0	That 's still the domain of those who do n't .
tr	0	First of all I was expecting to see Danny Brook starring but I felt very disappointed when a different actor appeared .
tr	0	`` I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . ''
tr	0	It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian-inspired enterprises .
tr	0	Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles .
tr	0	Do you travel much in your current role ?
tr	0	Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .
tr	0	That temper is only one problem .
tr	0	I heard that they orchestrated the largest people evacuation to a natural disaster in Indian history .
tr	0	Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car .
tr	0	The Victorians produced his plays as lavish spectacles on a grand scale .
tr	0	The Greek Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000 .
tr	0	Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .
tr	0	This is pretty easy math for me .
tr	0	They bulk up too much space
tr	0	I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .
tr	0	Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .
tr	0	He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .
tr	0	Across the studies , the periods of limited exposure followed either classroom training [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 24 ] or mixed classroom and immersion training [ 21 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] .
tr	0	Finally , I hoped that , after these incidents , I would enjoy myself , but there was another change of programme : starring !
tr	0	What size horse do i need ?
tr	0	In the last several months , China has inked deals with Iran for $ 70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gas .
tr	0	He broke off .
tr	0	But we decided to buy a picture , because she has always told us about art galleries with a great exitement .
tr	0	CRACKDOWN ON POLYGAMY GROUP
tr	0	The reason I go back is because the employees are sooooo nice . ”
tr	0	Another thing that regardes me , is that I enjoy my self more when I know I have to do shopping for me than when it 's for my parents or for somebody else ! !
tr	0	I prefer to stay in log cabins than in tentes , because log cabins has much esctructure , that I need to stay for a few days .
tr	0	The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees .
tr	0	For me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .
tr	0	I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat .
tr	0	Zawahiri 's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism , not fundraising for charitable causes .
tr	0	The lessons we have in the morning does n't attract us very much , but this bit will show you routine scenery of a lesson .
tr	0	`` So you 've talked to her about me . ''
tr	0	Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .
tr	0	However , in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens ?
tr	0	Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan 's recent coup .
tr	0	As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .
tr	0	Atwood , a Booker Prize-winner , was there to launch her graphic novel Angel Catbird , with illustrator Johnnie Christmas .
tr	0	Is it suitable for you ?
tr	0	If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
tr	0	The use of correct and appropriate type of light bulb improves the efficiency of energy usage .
tr	0	Intellectual Property and Economic Development .
tr	0	I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .
tr	0	One third of of the way through the cycle , shake all bottles vigorously .
tr	0	The train was due to arrive in time , and from his vantage in the center of the doorway , Quinn judged that his chances of seeing Stillman were good .
tr	0	Image : David Titley .
tr	0	We probably will be wearing dresses made of synthetic artificial cloth in 2100 .
tr	0	Cheapest drinks in Keene !
tr	0	Coca-Cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer , saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams .
tr	0	Wishing your husband a happy birthday !
tr	0	But at night , when it became dark the dreams were coming .
tr	0	During it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the conference .
tr	0	You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .
tr	0	Please be brief !
tr	0	- REDLINE GPSA Guaranty.doc
tr	0	As I said we can go to the Science Museum on Wednesday instead of having a free time .
tr	0	After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?
tr	0	I 'm watching for some good vacation days , also ...
tr	0	i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , theres also a way to ride on your knees ?
tr	0	Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .
tr	0	Sent by : John Salinardo @ ENRON
tr	0	If any of you have other suggestion , we can discuss again .
tr	0	At least 107 killed in Mecca crane collapse
tr	0	I would like to thank you and give some information you asked about me .
tr	0	This was in my third year of Biology study I think .
tr	0	yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .
tr	0	Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .
tr	0	Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .
tr	0	The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents .
tr	0	The advertised beginning time is 19:30 .
tr	0	The fitness center was GREAT !
tr	0	There were nor bridge nor a canoe ,
tr	0	There 's a misconception in this industry .
tr	0	Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .
tr	0	And it takes 3 days to her letter to get to Kursk .
tr	0	He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...
tr	0	On the other hand , the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .
tr	0	Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .
tr	0	Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly , Inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street , N.W . ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile Washington , D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell @ haglerbailly.com e-mail
tr	0	I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .
tr	0	Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .
tr	0	Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .
tr	0	I told the bus driver where to drop her off .
tr	0	How are you doing ?
tr	0	He was of middle size and of ordinary build .
tr	0	But Sancho can neither read nor write .
tr	0	I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .
tr	0	Founded in 1925 as games for everyman , the open air theater on the great steps in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public .
tr	0	They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .
tr	0	This is about the fourth time they 've done my horse 's feet because I just switched back to them .
tr	0	Projects implemented with support from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision making and complicated administrative processes .
tr	0	There are a lot of tile in the shop but most of them are close .
tr	0	Please ask her to be the contact person .
tr	0	To strengthen America 's position , and at the same time to do good ;
tr	0	Finaly last nigh was not perfect evening .
tr	0	The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of `` ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... '' shall read as follow :
tr	0	Mr Weasley 's eyes jerked open .
tr	0	Its importance resides in two facts .
tr	0	The findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... ''
tr	0	I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .
tr	0	Emma is fine , too - very well ! !
tr	0	The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups .
tr	0	Can you explain more about it for us ?
tr	0	it 's passable as a pub , but the pizza is not that great .
tr	0	Help findin a restaurant for anniversary in SF ?
tr	0	My mother , whereas was very keen on shopping everything .
tr	0	Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .
tr	0	We have had no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I do n't want to bust any structuring goals .
tr	0	Sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .
tr	0	She ’ s kind of pretty .
tr	0	April is the most ideal month .
tr	0	Vodka Dishwasher Bottle Method
tr	0	The turnout of this election was the highest in the history of Legislative Council elections , with around 2 million voters voted and a turnout rate of 58 % .
tr	0	I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .
tr	0	the two men quickened to the exchange of astonishment , ironic amusement , and ( on Dando 's part ) scornful indignation with which he told and Bray learned of the swift about-face by which some white people turned a smile on the new regime , while others had already packed up and left the country .
tr	0	Becky will bring you the hard copy version .
tr	0	Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .
tr	0	We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .
tr	0	I will never ever help anybody to organice a pop concert .
tr	0	In Shakespeare 's day , English grammar , spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now , and his use of language helped shape modern English .
tr	0	There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week .
tr	0	The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .
tr	0	I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .
tr	0	( Her voice mail says she 's out of the office until Monday . )
tr	0	Galois himself famously exclaimed : `` I am the victim of an infamous coquette and her two dupes . '' [ 12 ]
tr	0	When I got plenty of money sometimes I like spend a bit of it with some friends or buying a good present for my girl friend .
tr	0	What we are suggesting you is to change the programme on the afternoon of March the 14th .
tr	0	Lets try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off
tr	0	The Wolfson Foundation of London has paid for the planting of gardens , and Arab kids are kicking a soccer ball in the green bottom of the valley .
tr	0	At least he is n't using this disaster for cheap political point-scoring . ''
tr	0	[ MfM Act 3 , Sc . 2 ] }
tr	0	Sharon 's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party .
tr	0	I know that I will need sports equipment such as ; tennis shoes , a few sport shirts and shorts .
tr	0	Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
tr	0	The kind of support they provide is simply great ! ! !
tr	0	I will take you next one in August .
tr	0	There has , however , been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and population data which includes women , especially in their childbearing roles .
tr	0	The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession : he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military alliance .
tr	0	Besides all those improvements and confort I ca n't stop thinking where all this will lead us .
tr	0	Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .
tr	0	She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .
tr	0	It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .
tr	0	On September 4 , against the Houston Astros , Holt became only the second Pirates player since 1900 to have a four-hit game within his first four career games in the majors .
tr	0	I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .
tr	0	The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .
tr	0	And in turn , the bigger the threat , the harsher the criticism .
tr	0	I need prices for May , June , and July .
tr	0	First , you asked abut the travel time and the only possible time for me is in July , because my company only gave me holidays in this period .
tr	0	Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart
tr	0	He also never even said he was sorry .
tr	0	Daniel realised that in a similar way , a moving fluid exchanges its kinetic energy for pressure .
tr	0	Nearly every day , rain or shine , hot or cold , he would leave his apartment to walk through the city – never really going anywhere , but simply going wherever his legs happened to take him .
tr	0	`` Balzac 's use of repeating characters , moving in and out of the Comédie 's books , strengthens the realist representation .
tr	0	It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance , arm and dispatch suicide murderers , condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras , talking to a world audience , which even partly believes them .
tr	0	Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .
tr	0	Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .
tr	0	In 1606 the name of William 's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to attend Easter communion in Stratford .
tr	0	This department now faces new challenges .
tr	0	I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .
tr	0	Attached please find the GE Guarantee in Word format . ?
tr	0	Also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing day ?
tr	0	I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David .
tr	0	Dobby shook his head .
tr	0	I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .
tr	0	Look , the new age is unprecedented .
tr	0	Edible ones , I hope - beef , pork , chicken , fish ...
tr	0	PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street ( just west of the Met Garage ) beginning around 5:00 .
tr	0	Most of you are familiar with Portobello mushrooms .
tr	0	Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
tr	0	Baffled by the one-star reviews
tr	0	Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
tr	0	You will ca n't believe how many famous people I known .
tr	0	a bar would be nice but also something extremely unique .
tr	0	Stendhal 's heroes , when they are in prison , choose to think above love .
tr	0	The sick man was too ill to groan .
tr	0	At the camp I will like to choose two activities , Painting and Singing , I love painting , in the university I studied art for two years , but now I do n't have much time to paint couse I work in a bank and I have a baby .
tr	0	No way to read/relax .
tr	0	This would be necessary to keep safety standards at the level they were in northern regions previously .
tr	0	For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .
tr	0	All the buildings were exploding into tiny little pieces . ''
tr	0	Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter .
tr	0	and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status .
tr	0	And that 's exactly what happens with PCBs in this food pyramid :
tr	0	187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of March 2004 .
tr	0	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ? ? ?
tr	0	ANSI-92 provides new reserved words , syntax rules , and wildcard characters that enhance your ability to create queries , filters , and SQL statements .
tr	0	I take her to the food court and buy her an M & M cookie and buy myself a Mountain Dew and then while she ’ s eating her cookie , I pull the deck of cards out of my pocket and unwrap it .
tr	0	From the South - US-75 from Okmulgee , OK , aka the `` Okmulgee Beeline . ''
tr	0	U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago .
tr	0	To end , in spite of being opened , the restaurant was closed for reparations .
tr	0	Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk memo .
tr	0	They 're just not going to find any .
tr	0	He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .
tr	0	So , I 'm free when I 'm out of the school .
tr	0	You are busy , you do n't have to sit face to face to try
tr	0	11/08/2000 02:19 PM
tr	0	Learn more about the `` Subscribe '' button in the Help Centre .
tr	0	I 've asked my mom and my friends and everybody did n't know where it was .
tr	0	The first concerns the limitations on copyright , in which context we have logically proposed providing compensation .
tr	0	At First , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his creation .
tr	0	I congratulate him on his excellent report .
tr	0	The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade around the various halls offered a tremendous cross-section of genres and eras of pop culture .
tr	0	The neon lighting sign still said `` on '' yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch , more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they 'd be open tomorrow .
tr	0	Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to `` Aquire '' Firefox .
tr	0	Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
tr	0	at least in my own mind .
tr	0	Jeez , work on your spelling and punctuation .
tr	0	maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .
tr	0	He was drinking .
tr	0	To conclude , will you kindly let my know if I need some money and what sort of clothes I should bring with me .
tr	0	And who are you ?
tr	0	When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .
tr	0	An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day .
tr	0	The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .
tr	0	I would be most greatful if you could let me know some information :
tr	0	I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
tr	0	About the accommodation , I would prefer log cabins instand of tents , because is safer and more confortable .
tr	0	They do have a good selection of fabric and notions .
tr	0	This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .
tr	0	Firstly , I can take my holiday only the two first week of july because of my work .
tr	0	I 've received your letter two days ago and I 'm quite happy to know that you passed F.C.E .
tr	0	You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
tr	0	I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .
tr	0	I work with children an the Computer help my Jop bat affeted to .
tr	0	Every joke has a “ target , ” which is what the joke is about .
tr	0	Bray went to the kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night .
tr	0	Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .
tr	0	There must be a reason so many people like it there .
tr	0	04/16/2001 03:11 PM
tr	0	Do n't you think it is a lack of respect ?
tr	0	A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag .
tr	0	It varie $ company to company .
tr	0	`` Yeah , but you — I mean , look at them ! ''
tr	0	Well , I distinguish between two histories , the spiritual and the material .
tr	0	Should we set a date now ?
tr	0	To have a private life is the natural desire of everyone and the famous film stars or politicians have a right for it .
tr	0	The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .
tr	0	Galois ' cousin , Gabriel Demante , when asked if he knew the cause of the duel , mentioned that Galois `` found himself in the presence of a supposed uncle and a supposed fiancé , each of whom provoked the duel . ''
tr	0	I 'll tell you two activities I chose .
tr	0	The hit song is `` Geronimo '' by Sheppard .
tr	0	Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran ’ s border .
tr	0	After that , I may reconsider .
tr	0	i put $ 5 bucks down for it too .
tr	0	The sun too much for him , or the country perhaps .
tr	0	Maybe he does n't want to play when they want to..
tr	0	I can know what is happening in differents parts of the world in a few minutes .
tr	0	The chubby guy frowns at me .
tr	0	Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand .
tr	0	We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC .
tr	0	Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian refugees and their descendants .
tr	0	And we were off .
tr	0	I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .
tr	0	However , I was n't going into any of these .
tr	0	I would like to play Tennis , and swimming .
tr	0	Camping is my enthusiasm and I sleep in tents every time I go camping .
tr	0	Consequently , he was for the remainder of his life in high favour with the Tsar , who confided to him the command of his capital during his absence from Russia .
tr	0	I could n't believe when he said : `` O.K . if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . ``
tr	0	If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
tr	0	Bruce indicated NiMo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ENA .
tr	0	MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here .
tr	0	Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ? ? ?
tr	0	Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .
tr	0	What redeems it is the idea only .
tr	0	Even after my fusions , my back continued to hurt , but now it does n't hurt any more .
tr	0	Gets busy so come early
tr	0	No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .
tr	0	About the accomodation , I have no problems , but I would prefer staying in tent , so that the holiday may be more adventurous .
tr	0	But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”
tr	0	Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37
tr	0	Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries ?
tr	0	Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 PM
tr	0	Here it is .
tr	0	I think you ca n't believe in what I 've told you but I wo n't forget this experience .
tr	0	But when it is going to rain it is not comfortable , but I like it .
tr	0	The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by John Shakespeare , found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street .
tr	0	I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico .
tr	0	We felt it was his day , after all .
tr	0	That 's nub of my complaints .
tr	0	We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .
tr	0	Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo `` walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in '' , and told the police , `` everything he did '' .
tr	0	he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .
tr	0	It is frightening .
tr	0	I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !
tr	0	Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan , referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui simply as `` Lee . ''
tr	0	I would like to know if it is necessary for me to take some clothes with me for the sport activities ?
tr	0	By the way we now have a `` forum '' in the post link
tr	0	We did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
tr	0	$ 4.7b - Total value of contracts awarded to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan .
tr	0	As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming .
tr	0	[ send offline as well ]
tr	0	I strongly do recomand your to pay minimum 50 % of the full price for what I 've payed .
tr	0	Keep in touch .
tr	0	I was n't too worried because if someones is going to see my parents , I would tell them before not talk about the exams .
tr	0	In that one brief moment he knew that he was in trouble .
tr	0	The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .
tr	0	50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning woods to warm a room up and make food .
tr	0	I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
tr	0	'He will be a somebody in the Administration before long .
tr	0	As far ask I ’ m aware our most unique custom would be the “ Country Wake ” .
tr	0	Start cleaning and start looking .
tr	0	Last month I enjoyed helping at concert of `` Modern Talking `` and now I want to share with you about my experience .
tr	0	A nowadays simple thing like a computer include so many possible ways to destroy different environmental compartiments .
tr	0	the problem of communication in a country with so many different language groups .
tr	0	- 10 piece Chicken McNuggets
tr	0	Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind ... . and a different server .
tr	0	However , there are no enough computers and sometimes we have to study in pairs .
tr	0	He also pointed out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor their data usage .
tr	0	If you used to make $ 100k and now only make $ 30k , this is not long term viability .
tr	0	Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist
tr	0	If someone committed a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .
tr	0	Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view , seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face , all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd .
tr	0	Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .
tr	0	If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .
tr	0	Brokering over here has been pretty rewarding .
tr	0	You charge SO MUCH , yet you use the same grounds over and over again .
tr	0	It closed on Sunday ...
tr	0	However , I manage to listen the music and I must admit that I liked it .
tr	0	WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT 'S DUE WENSDAY ! ? ! ? ! : (
tr	0	Office 2002 application installed on computer
tr	0	He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .
tr	0	However , I still like this place a lot .
tr	0	I 'm not sure where her first name is from ...
tr	0	Thank you very much and I hope hearing from you soon .
tr	0	There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .
tr	0	The girl was beyond hope .
tr	0	You should walk miles around store to find what you wanted .
tr	0	the industry of Marriage and Kids , you heard me .
tr	0	Her captain was a Swede , and knowing me for a seaman , invited me on the bridge .
tr	0	“ I was just looking around and thought she was right with me , you know ?
tr	0	I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here .
tr	0	Talk to you guys soon ,
tr	0	large selection of fiction , science fiction and best sellers .
tr	0	The girl has either pink or brown .
tr	0	Figures , of course .
tr	0	I would rather prefer to stay in the tent than to stay in the log cabin because the tent is more enjoyable .
tr	0	In fact , he can not even vouch for the accuracy of the translation itself .
tr	0	Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units .
tr	0	Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .
tr	0	'Ah ! So they talk of him down there , he murmured to himself .
tr	0	He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .
tr	0	Last month , I had a great time at the concert of `` Dragon `` which is the most popular hard-rock group all over the world .
tr	0	18T - EI Indonesia Operations LLC
tr	0	Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast .
tr	0	THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to `` breathe '' .
tr	0	Contact the Indian railways .
tr	0	I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .
tr	0	Otherwise , I think you have captured the points excellently .
tr	0	If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .
tr	0	Vava ’ u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga , about 150 miles north of Tongatapu .
tr	0	I have heard that the Camp California is famous for surfing , so I hope that I will enjoy surfing for the first time .
tr	0	I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .
tr	0	No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .
tr	0	The Army is unlikely to forgive or forget ; but who provoked it and why ?
tr	0	I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .
tr	0	I would n't go to anyone else .
tr	0	It was the first time she had been to his apartment , and she stood square in the center of his bedroom , her arms folded against her body as if she was afraid to sit down , to touch something .
tr	0	You 'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself , as your creativity will be at an all-time high .
tr	0	88 - Percentage of American families who will save less than $ 100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes .
tr	0	And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus ! !
tr	0	They can even use fake snitches .
tr	0	`` He devoured books of every kind , feeding indiscriminately on religious works , history and literature , philosophy and physics .
tr	0	The show 's date is very convinient - March 14 - , and it is on Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there .
tr	0	There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these 'events ' every now and again . ''
tr	0	11 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find the United States on a map .
tr	0	Tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :
tr	0	What are XML schemas
tr	0	I saw a site that charges $ 0.70 per mile .
tr	0	Again , XML tags are case-sensitive .
tr	0	Create a timed work frenzy .
tr	0	Harry watched nervously as Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place , examining the objects for sale .
tr	0	So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .
tr	0	Good sports bar .
tr	0	The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .
tr	0	With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time .
tr	0	( 1 ) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others .
tr	0	Read the full answer at that web page for conditions .
tr	0	What are they killing killing killing over ?
tr	0	His textbook Morphology : The Descriptive Analysis of Words was one of the major works of American Structuralism .
tr	0	Sometimes he stood up for exercise .
tr	0	The air was soon thick with flying gnomes .
tr	0	The latter option may allow for easier revision .
tr	0	North Carolina is ground zero in this election .
tr	0	But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .
tr	0	Thanks for all your help on this .
tr	0	However , this toolbar is really bad news .
tr	0	Did you see game tonight , man ?
tr	0	The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003 .
tr	0	Fort Lee Historic Park , Hudson Terrace , tel : 1 201 461-1776 .
tr	0	Secondly , I appreciated the fact that there were concerts of different kind of music , but in this case the main problem was that some concerts hall were too small , and because of it I could n't see one of the concerts in programme .
tr	0	Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
tr	0	The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced `` Vilt-two '' — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .
tr	0	Most importantly , the food was outstanding .
tr	0	In 24 games , Holt batted .292 with a triple and 3 RBI .
tr	0	He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient Karaite burial ground , where you can see the mingling for yourself .
tr	0	And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile !
tr	0	Let me know which kind of cloth I have to carry with me as well as the money that we will need .
tr	0	Given the above , if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON ( which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities ) , I 'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary .
tr	0	And it 's guilty :
tr	0	I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM 's spies intercepted .
tr	0	It provided routes for trade , colonisation , and war , as well as food ( from fishing and the gathering of other seafood ) for numerous communities throughout the ages .
tr	0	The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .
tr	0	And , I 'm Isabel Ruiz .
tr	0	just call me on my cell phone .
tr	0	I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
tr	0	Place the bottles in your dishwasher and put on an intensive cycle .
tr	0	That he always gets , whether he likes it or not .
tr	0	This was the first book Balzac released under his own name , and it gave him what one critic called `` passage into the Promised Land '' .
tr	0	May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the `` L '' system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .
tr	0	The film chronicles the destruction of Carangi 's life and career as a result of her addiction to heroin , and her decline and death from AIDS in the mid-1980s .
tr	0	( I think there are close to 24,000 groups )
tr	0	It 's just a dream . ''
tr	0	But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .
tr	0	He also runs the AntyScience blog .
tr	0	What use should I be to you ?
tr	0	The US , for its part , relied on cheap goods made in China to stretch hard-pressed consumers ' purchasing power .
tr	0	' It 's me ! '
tr	0	At least that is what I am thinking now .
tr	0	What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .
tr	0	Cities such as Falluja received special treatment from Saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country 's wealth and power .
tr	0	Have you gone international ?
tr	0	I went in London for a week of `` pure holiday `` thinking to have some fun coming to see your musical show .
tr	0	could you take a look at this and give me an update .
tr	0	You have just lost mine .
tr	0	As I never did this in whole my life could you tell me if we have to do our own meals or I can find everything ready to eat there ?
tr	0	The staff in that departnent are really friendly and helpful and they are also huge like giants .
tr	0	Having personally visited the West Bank and Israel , I can say that this new political voice is threatening to collapse the peace process .
tr	0	You can not move a field with custom groups to the detail area .
tr	0	Is that question in the interests of science too ?
tr	0	And a bunch of them had called and they said , `` Wow . ''
tr	0	The animals eventually die , which is because these demons are so GREEDY , they want as much of their `` product '' as they can get , instead of letting the cats go after a point , as an act of humanity , mercy , love .
tr	0	Every child knows that much instinctively .
tr	0	how did you know .
tr	0	so sorry to have to cancel
tr	0	In this context , I should like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible , who is with us here today , to table an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to continuing to make it safer for traffic to transit tunnels in the future , so that we in Europe do not have to experience any more such disasters on this scale .
tr	0	So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ; )
tr	0	For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .
tr	0	On the other hand , Vine was art in six seconds .
tr	0	It occured that one of the teachers told my parents about it .
tr	0	Still , the city is a modern city with modern utilities .
tr	0	It was the business community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China .
tr	0	This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing `` stability '' to the region in fall of 1999 .
tr	0	I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING ! !
tr	0	On the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video 's .
tr	0	Article 1 of the Pericles Decision provides that the programme shall run from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005 .
tr	0	`` They 're just pushing them aside , '' he said .
tr	0	Chris Abel Manager , Risk Controls Global Risk Operations chris.abel @ enron.com < mailto : chris.abel @ enron.com > 713.853.3102
tr	0	Some of the folks here would like to know .
tr	0	Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
tr	0	I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .
tr	0	In my opinion we must spend more time for more interesting than shopping things like sport , reading , chating about ideas which make our lives better .
tr	0	Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
tr	0	Launching this way will hopefully avoid future disasters , giving more support towards NASA revisiting the stars .
tr	0	Paris or England while studying aboard ?
tr	0	everywhere and on every time .
tr	0	And he says : You 're at Warwick in Pennsylvania ?
tr	0	He did not bother to read over what he had written .
tr	0	Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due
tr	0	furthermore I simply love sea-sports and their chalenges .
tr	0	This is a shot of Cannery Row in 1932 .
tr	0	Challenge their worldview .
tr	0	And with Europe 's help and technical assistance , we will establish one .
tr	0	09/16/99 08:55 AM
tr	0	It 's Persian Gardens is one of nine inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List .
tr	0	P.S . By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?
tr	0	They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
tr	0	Umar Islam , 28 , ( born Brian Young ) High Wycombe
tr	0	What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet ?
tr	0	Thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation !
tr	0	And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra ( breathe in with Baba Nam , breathe out with Kevalam ) .
tr	0	You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
tr	0	Except some very extraordinary cases , no .
tr	0	So you do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
tr	0	Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .
tr	0	However , I am very enjoying playing tennis .
tr	0	Fort Lee also has a great community center open to all borough residents .
tr	0	( 30 ) One of the main roles of harmonised standards should be to help manufacturers in applying the implementing measures adopted under this Directive .
tr	0	He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .
tr	0	He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .
tr	0	China 's export-led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 's without the American consumer .
tr	0	The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he `` did n't want to risk it '' with my horse 's horrible feet .
tr	0	I don ’ t like the doctor , but I don ’ t know why .
tr	0	The city maintains several tourist information offices , all of which can offer helpful information on accommodation , free maps , and bus connections .
tr	0	And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...
va	1	The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and was refurbished after the Thirty Years ' War .
va	1	He had been replaced by a really bad actor , whom I do n't even know the name .
va	1	Car gone could have crashed out of my mind with worry did you care ? never , as long as I 've lived you wait until your father gets home , we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy
va	1	I also got to fix new speakers so that the music could be heard clearly throughout the hall .
va	1	But in the newspaper it was wrote to be a discount .
va	1	( 15 ) While the best-performing products or technologies available on the market , including on international markets , should be taken as reference , the level of ecodesign requirements should be established on the basis of technical , economic and environmental analysis .
va	1	More must be done to promote the product on the international markets .
va	1	The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .
va	1	Afterwards , browse at the morning market ( 6.30-10am ) : rice lollipops , wasp cocoons ( the pupae are considered a delicacy ) , buffalo lung , betel-nut bark and leaves , live toads and catfish .
va	1	We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .
va	1	detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
va	1	What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .
va	1	His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .
va	1	They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .
va	1	Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .
va	1	0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .
va	1	The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .
va	1	There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .
va	1	The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF 's .
va	1	But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .
va	1	`` [ Ten ] years ago , a browser was born .
va	1	Records show that on Oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .
va	1	In 1770 , his brother Prince Henry , Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn , was exposed as an adulterer , and the following year Cumberland married a young widow , Anne Horton .
va	1	The village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy human life , so the plant was shut down last week .
va	1	It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .
va	1	I would like to ask you the sort of the clothes I am supposed bring .
va	1	All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .
va	1	He had driven home , slowing down on the empty road that led through the fullness of a deserted summer twilight , at last , to the house .
va	1	Any unused or unjustifiably spent funds shall be recovered by the Commission .
va	1	It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .
va	1	Feel you 're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness .
va	1	The `` History '' section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .
va	1	For example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http : //www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm # LGGOBPROJ
va	1	You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .
va	1	in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector , and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant .
va	1	Here Kant 's rule -- '' Animals are merely means to an end ; that end is man '' -- is applied with a vengeance .
va	1	Secondly , in the advertisement it was written that the show was to start at 19:30 .
va	1	Basil needs warm air and sun to do well , so it 's often easiest to start the seeds indoors instead of risking that they 'll get damaged by frost .
va	1	When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US firepower , and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia .
va	1	Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .
va	1	Meanwhile , these activities are develop .
va	1	It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times , being seven , as well as three , the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah tradition ... .
va	1	I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .
va	1	The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .
va	1	She was always been aftering by media .
va	1	Speakers of these languages are found in the Gambia , in the former Casamance region of Southern Senegal and in Guinea Bissau .
va	1	We insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .
va	1	Lastly the way of communications has been also changed .
va	1	`` In Argentina , beef is revered , respected , and praised .
va	1	In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .
va	1	We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .
va	1	I can pay my bills at any time and do not need to wait on a big queue to be attended by the cashman , I can exchange photos and videos via computer , I can do business and make money at home , and so on .
va	1	Exporting data and database objects to an XML file is a convenient way to move and store your information in a format that can readily be used across the Web .
va	1	The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume , which will be the Contractual Currency .
va	1	Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs , fish , birds , plants , and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .
va	1	`` Balzac 's story Une Heure de ma Vie ( An Hour of my Life , 1822 ) , in which minute details are followed by deep personal reflections , is a clear ancestor of the style which Proust used in A la Recherche du Temps Perdu .
va	1	And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day .
va	1	You have been warned ...
va	1	Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .
va	1	I just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to .
va	1	This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase . ''
va	1	If you select to save the schema as XSD , the file is saved as .xsd .
va	1	However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
va	1	In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .
va	1	Actions under these programmes will have to be contracted within the following two years .
va	1	Zacarias Moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at Sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia .
va	1	To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
va	1	Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued .
va	1	`` There will be protests and other things , it 's all already planned , '' the opposition told El Mundo .
va	1	I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .
va	1	Copyright holders are given an absolute right to protection , with the banning of copying for private use for example .
va	1	Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then-current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .
va	1	I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrews so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .
va	1	Also attached is a sample availability provision ( actually 2 different versions ) .
va	1	I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .
va	1	Nato and US officials have already voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US , British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents .
va	1	Unlike most other large Polish cities , which have long histories , Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile industry boom to house textile mills , their owners and their workers , and rapidly grew to become an important industrial and commerce centre .
va	1	KSM explained that Moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US-trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .
va	1	The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .
va	1	He was welcomed by Pachomius upon his arrival , and quickly integrated into the community at Tabennese around 328 .
va	1	The end-of-conference party will be held in an India restaurant , that is next to the hotel .
va	1	But Marlow was not typical ( if his propensity to spin yarns be excepted ) , and to him the meaning of an episode was not inside like a kernel but outside , enveloping the tale which brought it out only as a glow brings out a haze , in the likeness of one of these misty halos that sometimes are made visible by the spectral illumination of moonshine .
va	1	The consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al-Qaeda can also be seen in the case of the Fizazi group in Tangiers that morphed into the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , had members who met with September 11 ringleader Muhammad Atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the Madrid train bombings .
va	1	This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .
va	1	however , in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less frequently based on factors such as stimuli type .
va	1	They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights ( its in the tariff ) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates , they could have done so .
va	1	This place is clean and well run with great people .
va	1	The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore .
va	1	I 'm really surprised by the negative reviews .
va	1	Attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience .
va	1	After the Reign of Terror ( 1793 – 94 ) , he was sent to Tours to coordinate supplies for the Army .
va	1	I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .
va	1	We 're set for 11/01/01 .
va	1	The attention of the is focused on the unfortunate love of Heatcliff and Catherine .
va	1	This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
va	1	Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .
va	1	One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy .
va	1	His time at Vendôme is reflected in Louis Lambert , his 1832 novel about a young boy studying at an Oratorian grammar school at Vendôme .
va	1	This term was first used in German ( Hochrenaissance ) in the early nineteenth century , and has its origins in the `` High Style '' of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann .
va	1	Then , I was planning to buy three £ 20 tickets because it was mention in the advertisement that there were dicounts available but that was not true , so I just could buy two tickets and my son could not see the show .
va	1	I must admit I see the question of a world market orientation rather differently from the way it was presented a moment ago .
va	1	Another bad points can be mentioned , like the polution for example .
va	1	But Kalkat pointed out that India would be ill-advised to be involved again , militarily , with Sri Lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu - separated from Sri Lanka 's Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Straits .
va	1	Finally , as the committee representing energy , we would have liked the issue of support for renewable energy resources from Cohesion and Regional Development funds to have been emphasised still more , thus , through a process of coordination , increasing the use of renewables so that the scant funding resources in the energy programme might have been compensated by means of these more substantial sums .
va	1	I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow 's vote .
va	1	The World is being Changed rapidly by developing technology and industrial .
va	1	These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , CCNG , Inc..
va	1	All the rubbish , dust , dirty dishes , plates , caps will be washed and cleaned automaticly .
va	1	“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .
va	1	She was given a chance : if she had been able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would have started trusting her .
va	1	The German Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result .
va	1	I believe we are to some extent already protected with `` Enron '' proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc . just affords us more protection .
va	1	Its simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .
va	1	Whatever the reasons behind the duel , Galois was so convinced of his impending death that he stayed up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and composing what would become his mathematical testament , the famous letter to Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas , and three attached manuscripts . [ 22 ]
va	1	This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .
va	1	They are confined in this way until they finally die .
va	1	I am often told that the old Ashkenazi leaders were unimaginative , that the new Rabin group lacks stature , that Ben-Gurion was a terrible old guy but a true leader , that the younger generation is hostile to North African and Asian Jews .
va	1	The 2.6 - % margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .
va	1	Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security carmera which has been combined with mordern technology .
va	1	He strolled to the limits of the garden and climbed through the barbed-wire fence , but the grasses and thornbush on the other side ( Dando 's place was eight miles out of town ) were too entangled for walking where there was no path .
va	1	Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health .
va	1	You wish to be left in peace ... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ...
va	1	Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named `` Images `` .
va	1	This being said , if you barely know someone , it can be a good idea to have an excuse for starting a conversation to avoid awkwardness .
va	1	And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty has discovered .
va	1	On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .
va	1	They have been shipped using USPS Priority Mail International Parcels .
va	1	Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at ?
va	1	Funds have often been granted for projects which have had no lasting benefit for the area concerned .
va	1	However , if you use a particular logo for the on-line service , that should be registered .
va	1	While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .
va	1	A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that `` I '' left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .
va	1	On the other hand , Ms. Clinton 's relations with the continent over the past twenty years leave much to be desired .
va	1	I have been informed that all accommodation and travel cost are paid for the company .
va	1	The Lunar Transporatation Systems ( LTS ) is actually being funded by two space businessmen , Walter Kistler and Bob Citron .
va	1	We have to show sports at school and all activities that we are offered .
va	1	The coordination of the Pericles and other training actions is carried out at the Commission ’ s Euro counterfeiting experts group , which brings together experts from all member states and candidate countries , with participation of Europol , the ECB and Interpol .
va	1	My second point has already been mentioned :
va	1	Well I was in for a treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and I would like to sit in their `` new '' dining room .
va	1	For the Pro-Beijing camp , Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with 58,825 votes , the highest in the constituency .
va	1	You can increase or decrease the space between controls , or you can specify that controls are evenly spaced .
va	1	If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be 'under investigation for years ' .
va	1	For example , all infrastructures such as transports and power stations are ran using computers
va	1	Further , we posited that if our initial hypothesis was not supported , and in fact there was some non-adult-like performance , that there would be significant variability among the conditions , with cardinal numbers having the highest performance and some the weakest .
va	1	Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .
va	1	In the course of these confidences it became quite plain to me I had been represented to the wife of the high dignitary , and goodness knows to how many more people besides , as an exceptional and gifted creature – a piece of good fortune for the Company – a man you do n't get hold of every day .
va	1	`` Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .
va	1	This was followed by a memoir on the theory of the tides , to which , conjointly with the memoirs by Euler and Colin Maclaurin , a prize was awarded by the French Academy : these three memoirs contain all that was done on this subject between the publication of Isaac Newton 's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica and the investigations of Pierre-Simon Laplace .
va	1	Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated .
va	1	There is a whole topic which is called asymptotic groups theory .
va	1	To make it worse , neither discounts or restraurants were available at that night although they were said to be available .
va	1	if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...
va	1	The programme has already been organized by you and I have to say you have made us a very nice schedule .
va	1	A good place to be filmed is our Geography class .
va	1	( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .
va	1	UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to `` recognize Hezbollah '' after easily being duped by `` the message on the placards they are using '' .
va	1	If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited .
va	1	The George Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in a motorized vehicle .
va	1	There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off . ''
va	1	But I have n't written poems for a long time now .
va	1	It gives an opportunity to get acquainted with the cultures ' variety of the whole world .
va	1	Lucien 's journalism work is informed by Balzac 's own failed ventures in the field .
va	1	When a connection file is not used
va	1	Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are needed .
va	1	Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items , for variety 's sake .
va	1	Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .
va	1	In theory , market-determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .
va	1	The Salt and Verde Rivers of central Arizona were exploited for large-scale agriculture by Native Americans as early as the 11th century .
va	1	We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .
va	1	Purple basil is often grown for decoration , as well as its scent and flowers .
va	1	My cats Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died
va	1	The hijackers were obviously al-Qaeda , and no operational links between al-Qaeda and Iraq had ever been found ) .
va	1	If necessary , set time-frames for your items to be done by .
va	1	By default , the AllowAdditions , AllowDeletions , and AllowEdits properties of all group levels in a data access page created from a report are set to False .
va	1	The plots were thin , there was little development of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment , especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary .
va	1	It 's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer , Davio 's , and Del Friscos .
va	1	Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :
va	1	- The activities examined were considered relevant to and among the main objectives of the programme .
va	1	As Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma put it , `` inherent flexibilities must be provided to developing countries .
va	1	Montalvo was subsequently motivated to seek out information about Scientology on the Internet , and came upon a blog written by Rathbun .
va	1	There was not a customer to be found .
va	1	However , a CSS is n't always a good choice because they are written in a specialized language which means that the developer has to use another language in order to write , modify , or understand the structure of the style sheet .
va	1	Besides , the wooing power of flowery , gushing compliments is diminished ( to say the least ) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces .
va	1	I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives , and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London .
va	1	The narrative review is organized around four broad themes : ( a ) the quantity of replication research , ( b ) the nature of replication research , ( c ) the relationship between initial and replication studies , and ( d ) the interpretation and extent of reproducibility of the findings of initial studies .
va	1	As you said , all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , but I am sure I still need some money with me .
va	1	And is it also allowed to bring my dog with ?
va	1	The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
va	1	According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .
va	1	Then , I was hoping to have a meal at the theatre restaurant which was recommended in the advertisement , however , it was not possible for me to do so as the restaurant was closed due to the stuff vacation which I thought was very unprofessional .
va	1	i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad-old-planet-earth .
va	1	The conditions and arrangements for admission are set out in the Protocol annexed to this Treaty .
va	1	With the help of their financial controller proper arrangements will now be legislated for .
va	1	We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .
va	1	As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .
va	1	Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he/she is left alone much more time ?
va	1	Since so much of the town ’ s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .
va	1	It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .
va	1	Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .
va	1	Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .
va	1	I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .
va	1	If such a decision is taken before the date of accession , the decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession .
va	1	These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .
va	1	It 's now called Sushi Lover .
va	1	Being well-informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .
va	1	At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however , this is not advised .
va	1	They were killed .
va	1	Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , Dr. Fortier said .
va	1	Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof.. and I was Like Ummmm okay ? ? ?
va	1	This is preserved in manuscript in the Russian State Military Archive in Moscow .
va	1	San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .
va	1	It can be seen across the water from Neiafu and is connected by land bridge at the most southern point of ‘ Utu Vava ’ u .
va	1	The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed `` in the context of a state of emergency '' .
va	1	We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .
va	1	Some ants were infected with Beauveria bassiana , a fungus .
va	1	I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
va	1	Most of Shakespeare 's greatest post-1599 plays were written for the Globe , including Hamlet , Othello and King Lear .
va	1	For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .
va	1	The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .
va	1	Like the previous poster said , the com lines are split between the entire building .
va	1	This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name , but use of the family name is still common .
va	1	Expressions that refer to form or subform properties are ignored .
va	1	In order to be invited to the debates , we must raise money and poll nationally .
va	1	It was followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds , into which investors put £2bn and £1.4bn respectively .
va	1	While most of the sporting venues were located outside the city proper - in various locations throughout Attica - the entire urban area of Athens underwent major lasting changes that have improved the quality of life for visitors and residents alike .
va	1	Long before ( September 1560 ) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart ( stating that she had `` accidentally '' fallen down the stairs ) .
va	1	How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications ... ... ... And At NO COST To You ?
va	1	No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
va	1	In November 2003 , a report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al Qaeda is determined to use chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical difficulties .
va	1	Therefore , substantial demand side measures and targets should be adopted .
va	1	He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .
va	1	The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .
va	1	How many of us can be employed in personal services , and how can such jobs be highly paid ( in absolute terms ) ?
va	1	Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a `` Virtual Microscope '' that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .
va	1	Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .
va	1	I hope I 've answered all you questions and I would be please if mine could also be answered .
va	1	This let Nick very embrassed and got hurt .
va	1	`` If an infant 's not getting enough iodine ... brain development wo n't be completed and they wo n't grow normally , and as you get older the problem will be that you will develop a goiter and your thyroid wo n't function as well as it should , so that may have all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in life . ''
va	1	Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .
va	1	-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .
va	1	As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .
va	1	And I did n't even got paid .
va	1	Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions .
va	1	His mother interfered with his studies , often withdrawing him from school , with the result that he lacked discipline and his classical studies were neglected .
va	1	This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part-session .
va	1	After this I got embraced , told to wear flannel , be sure to write often , and so on – and I left .
va	1	My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .
va	1	It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .
va	1	Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .
va	1	And we knew that from the day on , that he knows anything about our secret we will live in danger being caught .
va	1	After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .
va	1	He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China .
va	1	Such safeguard measures shall not be invoked as a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction on trade between Member States .
va	1	Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .
va	1	This was generally a grim place , filled with dust and people with nowhere to go , but now , with the rush hour at full force , it had been taken over by men and women with briefcases , books , and newspapers .
va	1	[ Note : The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was met ]
va	1	Those organisms that paired with fungi were rewarded , because fungi do not need light .
va	1	It is also written in your letter that we will have to chance to do two activities .
va	1	In the course of the next five years he served alternately for Poland and Sweden and was taken prisoner by both .
va	1	The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .
va	1	The 1980 presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis .
va	1	If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .
va	1	( 2 ) Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses .
va	1	Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .
va	1	Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .
va	1	I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .
va	1	Yes , he too would have liked to have this wife and this child , to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books , to be surrounded by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens .
va	1	After all of this we saw the show in the best place , near of the stage and after , the thing that I most liked , we were convidated to see the group and had their signatures .
va	1	Finally , it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .
va	1	When a connection file is used
va	1	Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .
va	1	This is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .
va	1	So small that I can imagine , they will be introduce ( maybe like chips ) in our clothes .
va	1	I 'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal .
va	1	We will not use black clothes as we are used to do .
va	1	He is particularly remembered for his applications of mathematics to mechanics , especially fluid mechanics , and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics .
va	1	When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .
va	1	In most cases , our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus @ paulhastings.com .
va	1	The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g . colour , texture , brightness etc ) .
va	1	On the other hand , there are few famous people desire to be watched by media .
va	1	Once when various tropical diseases had laid low almost every agent in the station , he was heard to say , 'Men who come out here should have no entrails .
va	1	Unfortunately , with respect , it shows an enormous ignorance of what actually happens to wine in those countries that it is shipped to .
va	1	Great care is shown to both guests and the environment .
va	1	I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012 .
va	1	The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life .
va	1	This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .
va	1	We were involved with several experiments .
va	1	on the pretext that there is no text , on the one hand , the President of the Commission would be denied his right to speak in this Parliament and , on the other hand , there would be a debate on a reform when Parliament had no prior knowledge of the texts on which it is based .
va	1	The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .
va	1	Where these derogations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession .
va	1	5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
va	1	Given that there are no vaccines or drug treatments for illnesses like dengue fever and West Nile virus , and that treatments for diseases like malaria are difficult to access in many at-risk areas , more effective mechanisms for controlling mosquito populations are desperately needed .
va	1	After nearly half an hour , the team was deducted a point , leading to a sudden but temporary rush of success by the US team .
va	1	You asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
va	1	At first , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel that is one of the best in the town .
va	1	However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research , leaving a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
va	1	It is rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it had been demaged .
va	1	Because , at first , at the advertisement was written that in this music show would play Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but it was n't so .
va	1	Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .
va	1	Then there are the so-called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .
va	1	Unfortunately , those left behind to be filmed , where those without transportation or means .
va	1	I can be reached at 315-460-3344 .
va	1	Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project .
va	1	For forms and reports , this file is saved in an XML-based language called ReportML which provides presentation data as well as a data model for creating a data access page .
va	1	If the males are released over a period of several months , this would , in theory , result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population .
va	1	Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .
va	1	`` No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .
va	1	This activity and the risen temper along the back of a silent quarrel beside him provided the strong distraction of another , disorderly level of being that always seemed to him to take away from planned great moments what they were meant to hold heady and pure .
va	1	But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain , where most of the others were gathered .
va	1	yeah i got yelled at also .
va	1	Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
va	1	A similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .
va	1	We want things to be regulated properly so that the problem can be brought under control .
va	1	The letter was never acknowledged .
va	1	This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing objections of ranchers .
va	1	Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’ d seen and put here for some special reason .
va	1	In the cemetery of his native town – Bourg-la-Reine – a cenotaph in his honour was erected beside the graves of his relatives . [ 24 ]
va	1	How could millions of customers be reimbursed if the charge had already been included in their electricity bills ?
va	1	For example , I was born knowing the man has stepped on the moon .
va	1	Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92/42/EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .
va	1	I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .
va	1	Email or text your friends the language so that they wo n't be so confused .
va	1	The last Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393 .
va	1	At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island constituency , after the polls closed at 22:30 , with the long queues outside the station the last ballot there was cast at 2:30 the next day , four hours after the last person was allowed to join the queue .
va	1	It is often grouped depending on its uses that are distributed for heating and cooling , lighting , operating appliances etc [ 1 ]
va	1	International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .
va	1	I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .
va	1	It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
va	1	Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .
va	1	Come and say hello ... you will be warmly welcomed !
va	1	Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .
va	1	I am prepared to believe it .
va	1	Did you get in as much trouble as I did this weekend - Lori seems to think I need to get help - I told her it 's normal to drink all day at a bar , then go to dinner where you do n't know half the people there and proceed to get extremely fucked up
va	1	I do n't know if this has been verified .
va	1	It is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
va	1	No major obstacles to ratification have been reported .
va	1	But the harmful psychological effects that abortions have on women are deliberately and constantly concealed .
va	1	It is convinient , I mean `` double `` lessons because you have more time to understand matherial what is givven and because you have to prepare only four subjects for `` tomorrow `` and it is less then seven subjects .
va	1	But I 'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut .
va	1	In schools we are n't allowed to speak in classes .
va	1	His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .
va	1	The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
va	1	All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .
va	1	Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc . are ignored .
va	1	We therefore accept the four amendments which have been proposed .
va	1	Information on archive sites , and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .
va	1	5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened , including cargo transported on passenger planes .
va	1	When the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine ( formerly called the Microsoft Database Engine or MSDE ) is installed on Microsoft Windows NT computers , it is installed with Windows NT Authentication implemented ( this feature is also known as integrated security ) .
va	1	A state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California 's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices .
va	1	I would like to say , with regard to Mr Swoboda 's comments on the activity of the CEN , that we are urging them to speed up their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if , despite the new deadline , we were to find ourselves after a year and a bit with the same difficulties because their work has not been concluded .
va	1	These reforms need to be agreed , in legislative form , by the US Congress before they can take effect .
va	1	Not all were pleased with the final choice of locations .
va	1	This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned/operated by the same people .
va	1	Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .
va	1	The research questions and methods of the systematic review were largely determined by the narrative review but also emerged through the design and piloting of the coding instrument .
va	1	Balzac was buried at the Cimetière du Père Lachaise in Paris .
va	1	In my home , the only things I am not allowed to do are things which can disturbe my familly .
va	1	So , one evening , I made a speech in English with gestures , not one of which was lost to the sixty pairs of eyes before me , and the next morning I started the hammock off in front all right .
va	1	My last son , was born in Northern Ontario ... .
va	1	If the snake is not pregnant or shedding , and its enclosure is properly equipped , a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation .
va	1	Placed under the care of a Dr. Bailey , he was encouraged to exercise in moderation but not restrain himself from `` violent '' bouts in an attempt to overcompensate for his deformed foot .
va	1	The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .
va	1	The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .
va	1	It is usually valid for 30 days and can be extended once for another 30 days at any immigration office in Cuba ( for 25 CUC ) - beyond this you would need a flight out of Cuba within the extended visa period .
va	1	Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .
va	1	After you move fields to the drop areas so that the drop area captions are covered up , you can still drag additional fields to the areas .
va	1	Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .
va	1	Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said `` a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included '' ( ( it ) ) .
va	1	The smokehouse ca n't be beat anywhere .
va	1	The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ ( 1504-06 )
va	1	If you have gotten through ordering , dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules , you are finally presented with what you came for..some tacos that are `` ok , '' but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle .
va	1	I can not comment directly on how the Indian government was prepared for this cyclone .
va	1	Their point has been made .
va	1	But privatisation does not even come into question in this context , it is not being proposed .
va	1	A final amendment is intended to ensure that tanks and tankers put into service between 1 January 1997 and the entry into force of this Directive may continue to be used provided that they have been constructed and maintained in accordance with it .
va	1	Like , last year , some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop .
va	1	And , third , Marx was fixated on the labor-theory of value .
va	1	After the plagues of 1592–3 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by his own company at The Theatre and the Curtain in Shoreditch , north of the Thames .
va	1	It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .
va	1	First of all , they are the same as ordinary people even if they are treated as celebrity .
va	1	A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .
va	1	Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck . ?
va	1	The 10-week course has been `` certified '' by UK spy agency GCHQ .
va	1	Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .
va	1	What analysis did you perform on the specimens and what equipment was used ?
va	1	One , with his chin propped on his knees , stared at nothing , in an intolerable and appalling manner : his brother phantom rested its forehead , as if overcome with a great weariness ; and all about others were scattered in every pose of contorted collapse , as in some picture of a massacre or a pestilence .
va	1	The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .
va	1	We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .
va	1	The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia .
va	1	What methods and equipment were used for this investigation ?
va	1	Survivors are being found all the time , including two children who lost their parents .
va	1	Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11-15 years .
va	1	Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .
va	1	Further , she informed me that Section 7 of the agreement , which reads in part : Gas is free from liens and adverse claims of every kind , should be changed because the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on HPL may and/or is subject to liens .
va	1	I had been warned that as I grew older the difficulty of forming new friendships would be great .
va	1	Was quoted $ 55 all inclusive of grinder inserts , etc .
va	1	She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani , but was defeated .
va	1	John Donovan from Argghhh ! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .
va	1	The aim of this report is to suggest which activities of our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students the idea of what we usually do not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time .
va	1	At an elevation of 1100 ft ( 335 m ) , it is situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert .
va	1	Use a room that is n't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .
va	1	Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above .
va	1	My Presidential qualifications are rooted in my service as an Officer in the United States Air Force .
va	1	I suggest that concerts should be held in bigger halls than this year 's in next year .
va	1	It ’ s totally oriented on the future .
va	1	This is the organization that bombed our Marine barracks in 1983 , took Americans hostage throughout the 80 's and now they should be considered a legitimate organization ?
va	1	Wright was born in Poole , Dorset , but grew up predominantly in Wells , Somerset .
va	1	What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .
va	1	To be sure , many Israelis refuse to admit that this historic uneasiness has not been eliminated .
va	1	I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .
va	1	The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .
va	1	The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .
va	1	The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .
va	1	The show was called `` Over the rainbow `` and should be , in refer to the advertisment , London 's newest and best musical show .
va	1	If you were born elsewhere , start here .
va	1	The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .
va	1	His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .
va	1	It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .
va	1	Typically , a developer creates an XSL transformation file that , when applied to an XML document during export , interprets or transforms the XML data into a presentation format that can be recognized by another application , such as Service Advertising Protocol ( SAP ) or a custom purchase order format .
va	1	Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia .
va	1	In the midst of a foreign-capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .
va	1	Dessert is served .
va	1	The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
va	1	Not long ago , they were touted as the salvation of the world economy – the dynamic engines of growth that would take over as the economies of the United States and Europe sputtered .
va	1	First and foremost was the provision of open space for the benefit of townspeople and local residents within an area that was being rapidly built up .
va	1	So long Hams ... you will be missed .
va	1	This is not the first time that this issue has not been given the consideration it deserves .
va	1	This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al-Qaeda .
va	1	Any other use of the email by you is prohibited .
va	1	Make sure your answer is specific enough that it ca n't be guessed easily .
va	1	A new full scholarly edition of Gordon 's Diary in English was published by the Centre for Irish and Scottish Studies in Aberdeen ( 6 vols , 2009 - 2016 ) , as well as its translation into Russian .
va	1	A cross-sectional survey of 1709 schoolchildren - aged 8 – 10 years , from 88 schools - was carried out in New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia , Western Australia and Queensland , between July 2003 and December 2004 .
va	1	The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas .
va	1	In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .
va	1	If their confidence in scientific findings is lowered across the board as the result of such epistemic pollution , one can hardly blame them .
va	1	When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .
va	1	The expedition was led by General Joseph Burgoyne who intended to reach Albany .
va	1	It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .
va	1	Two youths with foolish and cheery countenances were being piloted over , and she threw at them the same quick glance of unconcerned wisdom .
va	1	It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .
va	1	In the case of King Lear , however , while most modern editions do conflate them , the 1623 folio version is so different from the 1608 quarto , that the Oxford Shakespeare prints them both , arguing that they can not be conflated without confusion .
va	1	WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .
va	1	Later it was discovered to have been giving flips at half-a-crown a time to a section of the population who were queueing up , all through the ceremony , at the nearby soccer field ;
va	1	It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .
va	1	The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .
va	1	Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .
va	1	What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .
va	1	Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
va	1	However , the request below is to `` replenish '' the CASH that was drawn down ... please advise .
va	1	What sort of difficulties were posed by the unorthodox preservatives used , and what additional work might be possible on a specimen with intact DNA ?
va	1	Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like .
va	1	George was appalled by what he saw as their loose morals .
va	1	We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .
va	1	they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .
va	1	Pan-democracy camp councillor Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party was elected .
va	1	Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son , Ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .
va	1	In the near future collective choices will need to be made .
va	1	If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited .
va	1	Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .
va	1	Calls are now forwarded to Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road .
va	1	It is placed in the middle of the forest .
va	1	The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .
va	1	Incidentally , there are twenty columns , and these are reflected in the pool in front , which might also account for its name .
va	1	The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .
va	1	To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .
va	1	you really like some shoes or clothes , when you want to buy them , someone tell you `` I 'm sorry , this one is sold out `` !
va	1	Irregularities in menstruation will be cured .
va	1	Since expertise must be assessed through indirect markers , to mimic the markers of expertise is to mimic expertise [ 17 ] .
va	1	A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island
va	1	17 - On 17 November 2001 , The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000 .
va	1	If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .
va	1	For example , the Frontiers contingent of journals appears legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are expected to pay a publication fee . 8
va	1	The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?
va	1	Hi , i bought my Syrian Hamster ( Fernando ) just yesterday and as i was told to leave
va	1	A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos , Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan .
va	1	Hopelessness will be lost .
va	1	The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .
va	1	This data is saved to a file named .xml .
va	1	`` As an American , I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers ' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies ' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions .
va	1	In addition to these , I can contact to anyone who I want to talk at any convenient time in case I need him or her , or I am needed .
va	1	These were highly praised by the Berlin music critic Louis Ehlert in 1878 , the sheet music ( of the original piano 4-hands version ) had excellent sales , and Dvořák 's international reputation was launched at last .
va	1	As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was `` forced '' into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .
va	1	On June 17 , 1950 , Busuanga was officially created as a separate municipality from Coron and in 1954 , Coron was further reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Linapacan .
va	1	Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often .
va	1	I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .
va	1	Therefore , public housing residents have been unable to secure the units for which they qualified prior to the storm and are left homeless , as a result .
va	1	Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I 'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .
va	1	Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .
va	1	We have concerned it as a great opportunity to touch a part of latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in London .
va	1	It must be stamped out .
va	1	Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers .
va	1	The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .
va	1	On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .
va	1	The stories of her mature period ( 1894 – 96 ) were not only marked by her experience living near the red-light district and greater concern over the plight of women , but also by the influence of Ihara Saikaku , a 17th-century writer , whose stories she had recently discovered .
va	1	The vote will be taken at 12.00 noon tomorrow .
va	1	The show is opened between ten and seven p.m on Tuesday , March 14 at Central Exhibition Hall in London .
va	1	In a communique , the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with `` raiding forces '' in the assault on a city , the population of which is Muslim ( such as Fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .
va	1	I expect it will be determined that , under `` Strong Man '' Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .
va	1	I do not know whether this information is correct , but the PPE-DE Group would , in any case , be grateful if this item were removed because Parliament has addressed this issue several times already .
va	1	His skill in getting answers for taxpayers will be sorely missed .
va	0	That was a dissapointment for my whole family ,
va	0	At the same time , the devil acted through his other main puppets with `` Sympathy for the devil '' that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group , the guitarist Brian Jones ( who refused to be a puppet of the devil ) , murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger , another assassin .
va	0	You see , some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food .
va	0	His mother wrote , `` He has no indisposition that I know of but love , desperate love , the worst of all maladies in my opinion . In short , the boy is distractedly in love with Miss Chaworth . '' [ 6 ]
va	0	Whatever the black magistrates are like , whatever the administration 's like , it wo n't be like that .
va	0	You can also push all the buttons as you reach the floor you are getting off at .
va	0	The dreams of men , the seed of commonwealths , the germs of empires .
va	0	And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
va	0	He felt a bit awkward .
va	0	You have to be in command at all times .
va	0	Before that you have to think why you need to earn money and how you do that .
va	0	The e-mail said , 'Frank , I have never bothered you during the game , but I just wanted to say thank you for your work and thank you for making some sense of the successes and failures and I wish you much success with your work . '
va	0	From either of those cities , you can venture out and spend a day in the country .
va	0	Even if it does , the chicken should n't suffer as long as you let it go soon afterward .
va	0	After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance .
va	0	The shopkeeper will need right of recourse which he can use to recover his costs from the manufacturer .
va	0	Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .
va	0	if we know how to use it , tecnology will improve our way of life .
va	0	Then the environment .
va	0	This gives us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .
va	0	And as they swam they sang , their voices born on the winds and the salt and the rain , and we could hear them singing , He is coming , He is coming .
va	0	Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .
va	0	`` How is it that you do n't know English ? ''
va	0	I expected to receive the money back within these two days .
va	0	It ’ s a fundamental part of the joke ;
va	0	USI was not alone in receiving a donation .
va	0	Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 PM
va	0	To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .
va	0	Amused , my wife asks why I ordered the kosher lunch .
va	0	I was thoroughly impressed !
va	0	See you then .
va	0	But he has insisted that he wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes .
va	0	Waseem Kayani , 28 , High Wycombe
va	0	When you filter a field , you can display the data for a single item , or you can select some items to display and other items to hide .
va	0	This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity
va	0	i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .
va	0	i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .
va	0	Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position ' or 'Padmasana ' .
va	0	Mr Malfoy 's lip curled .
va	0	`` X `` is the musician who sang songs at a pop concert .
va	0	I need your help again .
va	0	In order to determine the appropriate level of oversight , government bodies would presumably conduct a science-based risk analysis .
va	0	Cheney was looking at maps of Iraq oil fields and muttering about opportunities for US companies there , already in January or February of 2001 .
va	0	When we met the girls Eingrid was furious , she said me that Pat had saw me kissing another girl and our relationship was over !
va	0	So it flew off and the ship continued on its foul way .
va	0	In traditional functional constituencies , the pan-democracy camp gained a seat from the pro-Beijing camp .
va	0	I 'm a italian student who has come to the last International Arts Festival .
va	0	I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .
va	0	Thus , a decline in the number of farmers could produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread beggary .
va	0	( New Scientist Space )
va	0	It is including the transport and travel , but for the food and extra hobbies I must take some money .
va	0	Following her dismissal , Peniston took playing as Glinda the Good Witch in a theatrical production of musical play The Wiz .
va	0	Moreover , men prefer to do sports , because the shopping loses a lot of time controry to women , because if they have a free time , they will go to do shopping .
va	0	That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed , Al Qaeda 's # 3 .
va	0	I 'm one of the citizen that enjoyed the last International Arts Festival .
va	0	I prefer to stay in a tent as I go campping every summer and am used to slipping in tents .
va	0	Thanks : John Buchanan
va	0	Sagittarius in 2005 - Empowerment
va	0	The Atmosphere is the best.. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !
va	0	How to Make Vegan Cupcakes
va	0	I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail .
va	0	Some times we have to have deal with not good service or for example could you imagine it on your way to shop you have met wrong people or someone told you bad news .
va	0	A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used `` school '' as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .
va	0	The award comes with a $ 3,500 ( U.S. ) grant .
va	0	The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel .
va	0	Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .
va	0	Dear Mrs Helen Ryan ,
va	0	November 5 , 1999
va	0	It is Enpower No . 295870 .
va	0	Question ID : 420072
va	0	There can be many ideas ; one can see numerous options passing through their mind .
va	0	When you filter a field , you select one or more items of data in the field that you want to view , and hide the other items .
va	0	( 2 ) Energy-using products ( EUPs ) account for a large proportion of the consumption of natural resources and energy in the Community .
va	0	His one-day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space .
va	0	The food was incredibly bland .
va	0	On his campaign website , Sarvis notes he favors parental school choice through student vouchers , simplification of Virginia 's Tax Code , US Second Amendment - gun - rights , same-sex marriage , and reform of the state 's drug laws .
va	0	A tall Puerto Rican man in a white cardboard chef 's hat stood behind the counter .
va	0	The sky was pewter smeared with charcoal now , and pressed down hard on the rooftops , slowly dissolving everything below .
va	0	Flexibility in the method for establishing the level of requirements can make swift improvement of environmental performance easier .
va	0	To teach pupils is not easy , of course .
va	0	Are you free for lunch today .
va	0	OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization , although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of `` the ecology of fear '' -- something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf 's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs .
va	0	The Fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of Iraqi noncombatants , including Shaikh Abdul Wahhab al-Janabi of the respected Association of Muslim Scholars .
va	0	A long time passed .
va	0	1580 Ruy lopez died .
va	0	Perhaps I was still there then ?
va	0	The square contains two mosques , a palace , and the bazaar .
va	0	This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .
va	0	Excellent answer googlenut .
va	0	It was a galleon with masts like a dead man ’ s fingers , tarred timbers groaning and a mermaid sat on the bow as he ship dipped and passed .
va	0	After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning ! !
va	0	However , there was not any .
va	0	As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :
va	0	You do not understand with whom you are dealing. ``
va	0	Overall Hino finance dealer of the year .
va	0	As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation , the center of London , the so well-known Piccadilly Circus , takes it 's name from an old brothel ( the `` Piccadilla House '' which means `` The House of Sin '' ) , disappeared nowadays .
va	0	Mr President , I would very much like to thank Mrs Schroedter for the work she has done on this and to explain to colleagues that I am speaking for my colleague , Mrs Flautre , who followed this for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but who is unfortunately ill .
va	0	I got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .
va	0	He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .
va	0	whose better looking ?
va	0	Eventually , she got the break she was so eager for :
va	0	That would be preferable but it does n't matter , could be something similar
va	0	For example : you need a lot of money each month for shopping , and a part of this money is only for buying the necessaryiest things like bread and other things to eat .
va	0	See you Mrs Helen Ryan , and please write me back ,
va	0	Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !
va	0	I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at the heart of the city .
va	0	Claire Warwick c.l.h.warwick @ durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom
va	0	different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder , the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king
va	0	Your reply is good and deserves something good in return .
va	0	Broke out the activities of 1307 .
va	0	We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .
va	0	And noticed two other breeds that look a lot alike .
va	0	At 18 , he married the 26-year-old Anne Hathaway , who was pregnant .
va	0	Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .
va	0	I mean , I wo n't get sick in them !
va	0	The Mosquito Menace .
va	0	They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .
va	0	In 1566 , a league of about 400 members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma , to suspend persecution until the rest had returned .
va	0	I am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate I have won first prize in your competion .
va	0	I can dig it up if you 'd like .
va	0	We just worked in building the stage and all those of thing .
va	0	Above all , never surrender to terror .
va	0	She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .
va	0	I was really surprise to heared I have won in your competition .
va	0	Do n't you think it 's time we talked ?
va	0	It was a modest disclaimer , with the effect of assuming in common the ease with Africans that he believed Bray to have .
va	0	Advertisement hoardings had gone up , there was a cement works , smart factories put together out of jutting glassy sections and , in between , the patches scratched in the bush where women and children were hoeing crooked rows of beans and maize .
va	0	We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .
va	0	Her head swings around , from Renata to me to the doctor and then back to Renata .
va	0	Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .
va	0	Thank you for your time .
va	0	They have to make a stronger commitment to rail .
va	0	AVOID AT ALL COSTS .
va	0	Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet provided and significant time invested in work per day .
va	0	I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .
va	0	I 'm still here . Sort of .
va	0	Had 33,000 miles , Ram 2500 3/4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 Magnum Motor .
va	0	We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and enjoy .
va	0	Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .
va	0	According to OECD data , only 55 % of South Korean women aged 15-64 are in the labor force , compared to an average of 65 % in the advanced economies .
va	0	However , with BNA offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility , it may be cheaper to park at BNA .
va	0	Secondly , the show of 19:30 only started at 20:15 ; Thirdly , your advertisement said : `` Discounts available `` ; but it was n't the case .
va	0	Whilst peak traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads , on most sunny days the skies are azure blue .
va	0	About the acommodation , out of the two possibilities , I choose sleeping in a tent , because I think that a log cabin is n't as authentic as a tent , at the camp .
va	0	It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory .
va	0	but his wife was talking to Jo-Ann Pettigrew , who offered blobs of toasted marshmallow on the end of a long fork .
va	0	The workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing .
va	0	or you decide to not spend money in shopping today , but in front of the shop .
va	0	Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
va	0	That said - he seemed to be doing well enough .
va	0	Are you comfortable with the difference ?
va	0	This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .
va	0	Moving information across the Internet and between software applications has always been difficult due to differences in data formats and proprietary structures .
va	0	Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do ?
va	0	Steve Biko for becoming a martyr to the black freedom movement of these dark years .
va	0	The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee ( the north coast of Haiti ) .
va	0	Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him .
va	0	On May 31 , 2014 , against the Tampa Bay Rays at Fenway Park , Holt hit his first Major League home run .
va	0	Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .
va	0	Bruna Anastacio brunaanastacio @ hotmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin
va	0	( other items : chicken fingers , wings , asian pizza , and yam and regular fries )
va	0	However , the result from Ordinary Least Squares was not as expected due to different sign for both slope & intercept .
va	0	Your working life might not go so smoothly this year , Virgo .
va	0	I insist you should refund all the money that I wasted in your theatre .
va	0	They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
va	0	After the split Dow Stock there are 120 shares .
va	0	The active ones will be hectic !
va	0	By the way , the musical show started at 20:15 , when it had to start at 19:30 : it was n't in late , it was to much in late .
va	0	The furnishing and finishes are great .
va	0	His 1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline , modeled after his own caregiver .
va	0	Therefore , I would like to ask you for refunding me my entrance fee , as this evening did not correspond to your advertisement .
va	0	This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising .
va	0	I 'm not keen to go straight to the Director-General ...
va	0	the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ) , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
va	0	In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
va	0	And I have made him hire these girls , and ultimately he 's been right
va	0	Sorry for interrupting I guess .
va	0	We have thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformation in nowdays in England about fashions , Leisure , sports and style of life .
va	0	2 Category field Region filtered to show South and West region items
va	0	Look on their website rssc.com
va	0	Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .
va	0	What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?
va	0	Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .
va	0	And if you send me a story , that would be great to !
va	0	I cried the entire way home .
va	0	Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?
va	0	I hope I can return the favor in the future !
va	0	The population had cleared out a long time ago .
va	0	Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al-Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .
va	0	This show is about the latest fashions , the leisure and sports wear , the make-up and the hairstyles .
va	0	Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal , EB3326 Telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 Facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson @ enron.com
va	0	Do You Yahoo ! ?
va	0	Please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
va	0	At least this era left a legacy of efficient search engines and a fiber-optic infrastructure .
va	0	As such , they may differ in material respects from those of , or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers , directors , employees or affiliates . ,
va	0	Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience `` have got something over them '' .
va	0	The location of Po Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
va	0	Beer a bit expensive .
va	0	It was not Danny on the scene !
va	0	The other problem ?
va	0	For obvious reasons , knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .
va	0	First trip to Canada
va	0	You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the `` fear of reporting failure '' culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the Columbia shuttle .
va	0	I 've been always wanting to go U.S.A .
va	0	they followed best practices for anatomical preservation .
va	0	I would hesitate to recommend anyone .
va	0	I told her that I want to tell her something .
va	0	Then someone says that it ca n't be long now before the Russians write Arafat off .
va	0	Looking forward to spending my holiday in the USA I wait your letter .
va	0	We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .
va	0	But only really in the countryside .
va	0	We welcome the introduction of conditional clauses for the second payment .
va	0	At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .
va	0	That was the first night Renata didn ’ t come home and it doesn ’ t take Freud to figure out what that meant .
va	0	We suppose that in free time on Wednesday we can find some time for shopping .
va	0	Doctor Hank is Amazing
va	0	I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .
va	0	A popular area on the weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop .
va	0	But due to some unknown reasons , the play did n't start until 20:15 .
va	0	Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan , ’ ’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan ’ s English daily The Nation .
va	0	Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA ( Central Intelligence Agency ) .
va	0	Do n't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker .
va	0	He gave me a searching glance , and made another note .
va	0	Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the street .
va	0	I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website .
va	0	Add one cup of broth and one cup of water to the saucepan and bring to a boil over medium high heat .
va	0	It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .
va	0	Marxist playwright and director Bertolt Brecht devised an epic theatre under the influence of Shakespeare .
va	0	It was his as much as Mweta 's .
va	0	I was really looking forward to seeing it , because I like musical and also I like Danny Brook .
va	0	These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . ''
va	0	Hope you enjoy the posts and feel free to jump in anywhere .
va	0	As you know , it is up to each State to redistribute part of the total appropriation .
va	0	The last two steps represent : `` O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm . ''
va	0	I ll be on vacation until August and I think this is the best month to travel .
va	0	Thanks For The Prompt Service And Great Job You And Your Boys Have Done On Our New Solar System , The Panels On The Roof Look Great And The Power We Are Putting Back In To The Grid Is Great , Great Job Thanks
va	0	Her former professor , Koolhaas , described her at graduation as `` a planet in her own orbit . ''
va	0	I 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T . games , I just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T . game ) .
va	0	Many people enjoy going shoppings meeting friends and mainly spending their money , but sometimes shopping can be a terrible experience .
va	0	Reach the right people at the right time .
va	0	How do you make your cat adjust to a new house ?
va	0	The Industrial Revolution took place in Great Britain earlier than in any other country .
va	0	If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .
va	0	At the end all depends in our attitud to life , including shopping .
va	0	Mr President , the European consumer needs to have increased confidence in food , not least after the BSE crisis .
va	0	Please note that date and time are subject to change ; please check local listings .
va	0	After his return he distinguished himself in several wars against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia .
va	0	Rathbun requested donations via a statement made on his blog , in order to help Montalvo with his legal defense financing .
va	0	William Shakespeare was the son of John Shakespeare , an alderman and a successful glover originally from Snitterfield , and Mary Arden , the daughter of an affluent landowning farmer .
va	0	Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party
va	0	I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut .
va	0	Field ( or big backyard )
va	0	I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .
va	0	You need our insights just as we need your structure .
va	0	Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter 's death
va	0	Besides eating good foods , what else do people do in Miramar ?
va	0	They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .
va	0	After that , a strange thing happened .
va	0	They can refresh , reduce ther stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted .
va	0	He spoke round the obstacle of a woman standing between them .
va	0	Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .
va	0	But to me , without question , they often know perfectly well .
va	0	Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?
va	0	First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .
va	0	JI has ties with the Moro Front .
va	0	Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
va	0	That is some good stuff .
va	0	My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .
va	0	Is it only girls you hire ?
va	0	First come , first serve .
va	0	The girl at the desk was sooo rude I could not believe it !
va	0	If you want to practice at home , make sure you 've got enough open space to move freely , preferably on a hard wood floor .
va	0	if its not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage ?
va	0	the subject : Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
va	0	I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?
va	0	To be honest , next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you have n't got the phone .
va	0	Hope all is well .
va	0	Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement ( which I am sending to you separately ) with ECS obligates ECS to `` work in good faith with CDEC '' to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC 's system .
va	0	I 'm still at home .
va	0	The following quote is from that Coogan article :
va	0	Disgusting french fries is very best menu .
va	0	[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
va	0	My hair has never felt this healthy , either .
va	0	But I am wondering why it said we could visit the restaurant if you know it would be closed .
va	0	1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA 's 600-page `` Draft Report on the Environment '' presented in 2003 .
va	0	Filtered PivotTable list or view
va	0	In accordance with study or work , I use a internet , which is the easist way to get informations all around the world .
va	0	Food here is absolutely superb .
va	0	Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners .
va	0	Enron total gain not counting ENA 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000
va	0	The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor , but they put us on the 3rd .
va	0	Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation ( NEPCO ) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell , WA 98011 USA Tel : 425-415-3052 Cell : 425-922-0475 Fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto : galent @ nepco.com > mailto : galen.torneby @ nepco.com
va	0	Such a suspicion made one pause – for out there there were no external checks .
va	0	Climbing is something new for me and I am not so good on that , however I wish that I can learn about it on the Camp .
va	0	i know you remember the bet .
va	0	When I with mixed mood went home I found my parents were stooding at the door looked like very cheerful .
va	0	Outside the other houses were rocks surrounded by sea with mermaids swimming all around , flapping their scaly tails and hauling themselves up , to fall backwards into the crest of the oncoming waves .
va	0	And then he said `` if you promise me you wo n't get out of this store shouting and screaming and telling everyone that I 'm here , I take this cap off of my face `` .
va	0	I am so happy to have won this first prize in your competition .
va	0	Although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration , there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns .
va	0	Now I will give you the informations which you asked for .
va	0	However if you plan on getting one , then get more than one at the same time they need company .
va	0	Joke-telling is one of the best ways to ease tension , make a new friend , or light up a room .
va	0	Fourthly , everyone seems to have enjoyed seeing dance shows and the art exhibitions and listening to the talks .
va	0	Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .
va	0	Do You Yahoo ! ?
va	0	( I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .
va	0	At the Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens , Ulrich , as winner of the street race , pursued the goal of winning his second gold medal .
va	0	The Sahel 's climate is similar to , but less extreme than , the climate of the Sahara desert located just to the north .
va	0	It wasn ’ t as loud as my heels .
va	0	When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?
va	0	Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?
va	0	It is never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for our sickness , is yet to begin .
va	0	33 - Percentage of the $ 15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
va	0	The world has had evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011 , but only limited data about its scope , shape , and causes .
va	0	This is not unknown to New Delhi .
va	0	They are also very secretive about being in a relationship .
va	0	Why should n't I try to get charge of one ?
va	0	We are very keen on the fashions and make up .
va	0	Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .
va	0	Unfortunatly , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
va	0	We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .
va	0	Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .
va	0	With an absent smile to Bray across the room , she took up , for a moment , an abandoned beauty .
va	0	You will not believe your own eyes .
va	0	Do n't worry because you do n't pay your ticket
va	0	2 ) did Vietnam m16 's have a 3-shot burst function ?
va	0	A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people dead .
va	0	On the Format menu , click Group .
va	0	Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .
va	0	And they deliver !
va	0	Becouse you said lie to us .
va	0	I hope you are doing fine ,
va	0	07/17/2000 02:34 PM
va	0	a nation in mourning for a man of genius .
va	0	The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .
va	0	“ Not supposed to touch those , ” he says .
va	0	to advance the cause of universal equality ;
va	0	So why you make this invitation ?
va	0	Travelling in July , I have to say , would be perfect for me because I have got my birtday the 24th of this month and I wish I could spend my birtday as well as possible , so it means there .
va	0	Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .
va	0	Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge .
va	0	In July 1942 the Japanese occupied the mining camps and resumed operation of the manganese mines .
va	0	This is necessary to remove the excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed .
va	0	Bouchard suffered a shocking three-set loss .
va	0	If you live in a hot climate , you can start the seeds outside instead .
va	0	The information society is in fact evolving in a global context .
va	0	Paul and Judy are on board .
va	0	I do n't think I could stand the shame .
va	0	Click the grid of grouped lines .
va	0	Simplicity gave it that blessed , laudatory lack of clutter , the efficient and effective text-based ads , and the support of anyone with a dial-up connection .
va	0	They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .
va	0	You have patience .
va	0	We have to think about this way .
va	0	Best Cigar lounge on the blouvard .
va	0	It 's only $ 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo .
va	0	Perhaps , we should start with just a 1 or 2 day contract where I give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to Houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional work .
va	0	We are , after all , in this together .
va	0	( Mullah Omar is leader of the Taliban , Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads the extremist Hizb-e-Islami . )
va	0	I would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accomodation because I have had all holidays with my parents in luxury hotels before .
va	0	This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-92 Level 1 compliant .
va	0	I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve/cook .
va	0	Various private interests own the remaining land , totaling about one percent of the state .
va	0	`` What 's your name ? '' Carroll said .
va	0	The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .
va	0	He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .
va	0	There was no listing .
va	0	Pale , with black hair in abundance , Tatu is one of those short men who have learned to hold their ground against big ones .
va	0	I would n't wonder too hard .
va	0	October is National Magic Month in the US .
va	0	I rarely write reviews such as this one , but they certainly deserve anyone 's business !
va	0	Records of Shakespeare 's property purchases and investments indicate that the company made him a wealthy man .
va	0	In order to confirm my schedule for travel I have won in your competition , I am writing some information to you below .
va	0	By Graydon Carter ( excepted from `` What We 've Lost '' , published by Little Brown )
va	0	Here and there were bits of charred debris in the gutters .
va	0	THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .
va	0	I would prefer getting my money back , instead of taking a lawyer .
va	0	There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
va	0	These included run-on lines , irregular pauses and stops , and extreme variations in sentence structure and length .
va	0	Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work:832.676.3177 Fax : 832.676.1329 Pager : 1.888.509.3736
va	0	Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
va	0	He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .
va	0	Is there a possibility that you send me a list of material and clothes that I have to take ?
va	0	She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level , and trying to make you understand that she does n't want to go further .
va	0	Danny_Jones % ENRON @ eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
va	0	Leaving aside potential geopolitical disruptions , there are some formidable challenges to overcome , mostly stemming from political underperformance and dysfunction .
va	0	Our research has shown that these agencies do not need more controls .
va	0	She works as a model , and she was advicing him about which clothes , etc , ... buy for her .
va	0	I am very happy to help you and I hope that the informations , that I am going to give you , will be enough .
va	0	You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise .
va	0	so better inquire in railway office
va	0	I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .
va	0	therefore , even if I agree sometimes Medias are going too far and write really bad things .
va	0	Harry Potter must say he 's not going back to school –
va	0	No , I will back the nominee of the Republican party in 2016 .
va	0	By the time we get to the car , though , Cara ’ s wheezing .
va	0	All of the doors tend to look alike and having 'something ' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier .
va	0	The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .
va	0	The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp . Edwin , are just wonderful .
va	0	Finally you wrote that `` your perfect evening out `` but after all this problems how would you expect the to have a perfect evening out .
va	0	Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere
va	0	Furthermore for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I haves been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college like the capitan .
va	0	As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food .
va	0	St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .
va	0	Christiane gave you a good answer .
va	0	Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .
va	0	Although we may not know how much recent technological innovations are contributing to our wellbeing , at least we know that , unlike the wave of financial innovations that marked the pre-crisis global economy , the effect is positive .
va	0	Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .
va	0	All it takes is two twist ties and a few seconds of patience .
va	0	Some time ago we debated about giving the rights to artists who sell their artwork .
va	0	He was neither civil nor uncivil .
va	0	No more having to drive to San Francisco for a great mani pedi .
va	0	You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .
va	0	A taller horse does n't always mean a horse you ca n't handle .
va	0	In a few days the faces had lost the stylized , apparition-quality of that first night , the night of the Independence Ball , and become , if not familiar , at least expected .
va	0	Your afternoon plan is shopping but we can do our shopping on Wednesday afternoon because we will have got free time on Wednesday .
va	0	they will talk to me if i am mexican ?
va	0	He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .
va	0	My family and I thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
va	0	In spite of my family telling me to turn the PC off and talk with them , I kept on stucked in front of the screen .
va	0	You can regulate the market , but you can not regulate nature , the weather and the harvest .
va	0	Wednesday does n't work for me .
va	0	Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep .
va	0	( From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most .
va	0	It does n't sound like he can receive visitors yet .
va	0	We both kept trying to find something we liked .
va	0	rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that .
va	0	Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .
va	0	6 Hakim Mosque , Hakim ( north of Naqsh-e Jahan in the old quarter ) .
va	0	You have the floor , Mr Van Miert .
va	0	15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .
va	0	I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to attempt the conference ;
va	0	But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry 's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon 's grasp .
va	0	Then the same thing with the other leg .
va	0	I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .
va	0	However , global warming also increases probability of extreme crops-damaging weather events such as floods , droughts , and extreme temperatures .
va	0	First of all , I am available to travel in July from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during this month .
va	0	Consider basing your language on an existing language .
va	0	Each evening you will get a 'magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .
va	0	It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .
va	0	Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
va	0	Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to leave them a little loose too .
va	0	So , let us take the gloves off .
va	0	If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .
va	0	We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .
va	0	If you can pass this info along , and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts , etc , we may have a shot at pulling this off .
va	0	Mr President , here too I must congratulate the two rapporteurs .
va	0	Sent by : Jeff Dasovich
va	0	Nor have I expanded my production .
va	0	He kept on looking out watchfully .
va	0	I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .
va	0	Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food ?
va	0	Remember snakes can go awhile without eating .
va	0	Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of 'Aryan ' art across the street .
va	0	`` Shakespeare was a respected poet and playwright in his own day , but his reputation did not rise to its present heights until the 19th century .
va	0	Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .
va	0	I collect strange photography by myself .
va	0	The fact is that molecular genetic engineering is more precise and predictable than older , cruder techniques
va	0	We will change this programme so that the driving force behind it is the future and innovation .
va	0	I said , Yes .
va	0	As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .
va	0	This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image .
va	0	This costs absolutely nothing , and will take about one minute of your time .
va	0	If you have any more questions , write me back .
va	0	Yes maam , she 's UBS now .
va	0	We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .
va	0	There is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places ... and I 've vacationed through the south ... visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi , and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white ( less than 20 % ) in northeastern Arkansas .
va	0	Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .
va	0	Visit people only once a year .
va	0	My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .
va	0	`` Um very unpleased that I have to write you this letter .
va	0	Some speakers have already mentioned unemployment and the fall in population .
va	0	When I was kid I used to ask my mum to buy me a tent for my bedroom to sleep in there instead of bed .
va	0	i have a baby eastern king snake .
va	0	for them it is really economical to spent their weekend .
va	0	First of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full time and look after my children .
va	0	About accommodation , I would prefer to stay in tents because it will be a new experience for me .
va	0	Email : yamwhatiyam < pop ... @ spinach.eat >
va	0	I am writting to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre .
va	0	The paperwork was a very easy and smooth .
va	0	They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles .
va	0	These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand ... better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO .
va	0	I am a student of the English class .
va	0	But Dad says they ’ re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
va	0	It can take as long as 4 to 4 years before you get flowers .
va	0	Told that they had plenty .
va	0	I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .
va	0	You have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you can graduate !
va	0	Key Delhi blast suspect arrested
va	0	Incompetent servers , kitchen and management .
va	0	PivotTable list on a data access page
va	0	Last July , I went to spend two weeks with my best in a beautiful village in the south of France , near Saint-Tropez .
va	0	Anyone who would n't have wanted the last drop of your sweat and pride in return ?
va	0	I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority , and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own , but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we 're OK .
va	0	`` Some people have stories about coming from the Earth , '' Veronique said .
va	0	Perhaps there is a certain Vautrin-admiring romanticism in this .
va	0	Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - `` the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise '' .
va	0	Then the spectacle began 45 minutes later than mentioned .
va	0	This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence .
va	0	Well , sure enough , when I heard the cats `` Meowing , '' I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that I want to do something about this torture .
te	1	Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .
te	1	Harry had taken up his place at wizard school , where he and his scar were famous , but now the school year was over , and he was back with the Dursleys for the summer , back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in something smelly .
te	1	In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .
te	1	Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
te	1	Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti .
te	1	His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
te	1	The show was started at 20.15 but actually it should started at 19.30 .
te	1	January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday 's 2 PM class `` Beginning Yoga with Brittany . ''
te	1	He was promoted to the Pittsburgh Pirates from the minors as the major league rosters expanded on September 1 .
te	1	Tens of thousands are homeless , and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored .
te	1	`` That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .
te	1	Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .
te	1	They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .
te	1	After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .
te	1	The study was published in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday .
te	1	Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .
te	1	He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .
te	1	If you choose to edit the connection file , remember that all other pages that use the connection file will also be affected by the changes you make .
te	1	To unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http : //www.bbc.co.uk/email
te	1	There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time -- the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China , there were lots of Japanese who 'd been displaced during WWII .
te	1	Naturally the Commission will do its best to ensure that progress is made .
te	1	I am generally known as an easy-going person and I can remain calm in the emergency situations and I am quite reliable too .
te	1	Some 20th-century scholars have suggested that Shakespeare may have been employed as a schoolmaster by Alexander Hoghton of Lancashire , a Catholic landowner who named a certain `` William Shakeshafte '' in his will .
te	1	They have not all been met , but a great many have .
te	1	The floating could be tied to a Platt 's index or the NYMEX .
te	1	Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions .
te	1	In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .
te	1	( News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun . )
te	1	Land in a swamp , march through the woods , and in some inland post feel the savagery , the utter savagery , had closed round him , – all that mysterious life of the wilderness that stirs in the forest , in the jungles , in the hearts of wild men .
te	1	I 've also considered becoming a teacher , but it 's not a job I 'm cut out for .
te	1	Further improvements were made to the proposal in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
te	1	It was wrote in the newspaper that Danny Brock took place in the play .
te	1	To help her husband she works out a plan : She is willing to be witness for the prosecution and states that her husband has not been with her at the time the crime was committed .
te	1	He gazed anxiously from the car as if , despite the telephone call , he were not sure if Bray had been safely received , but once he set eyes on him behaved as if they had seen each other a week ago .
te	1	When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .
te	1	As of 2003 , a greater involvement of judiciary authorities is observed , while as of 2004 and 2005 , there is a more pronounced participation of the financial sector ( public sector financial intermediaries , National Central Banks , commercial banking and other financial institutions ) .
te	1	Although some may appears again after few years different styles are developed .
te	1	Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .
te	1	You don ’ t need to have it completely memorized — in fact , you `` shouldn ’ t '' memorize it — but you need to be really comfortable with it , so comfortable that you can continue on with telling it even if you get nervous or sidetracked , which is very possible once you ’ re in front of an audience .
te	1	Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain , and certain ports , including Shanghai and Guangzhou , were opened to British trade and residence .
te	1	And then the show started at 20:15 p.m. , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 p.m. , so we 've had to wait quite long in this crowded room .
te	1	I think it 's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel ( I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size ) .
te	1	And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .
te	1	This was not considered particularly bizarre ; other American ambassadors and ministers in the Arab world were entirely in favor of `` genuine '' revolution to overthrow old landowners , rich crooks , and politicians .
te	1	We live in a small and old fashioned town and Mr. White was considered a monster : loosing his job was hard for him , but even harder was the loss of his beloved pupils who were not allowed to meet him ; so , on a bright summer day he took his final decision and died terrified by the darkness which was nearing .
te	1	While there was n't too much available for their age ( ball pit , bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on ) , we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there , so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there .
te	1	The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
te	1	The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture , which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages , whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day .
te	1	I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now , but it may be sometime before those results are released .
te	1	By 1800 , he was firmly enshrined as the national poet .
te	1	Instead , in April 1819 he was allowed to live in the French capital - as English critic George Saintsbury describes it - `` in a garret furnished in the most Spartan fashion , with a starvation allowance and an old woman to look after him '' , while the rest of the family moved to a house twenty miles [ 32 km ] outside Paris .
te	1	The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the Reformation .
te	1	Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .
te	1	Invitations were measured only by how long the beer and wine lasted out .
te	1	In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .
te	1	Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .
te	1	When it started the main actor Danny Brook was not in , another worse actor was taken his part .
te	1	Eegimaa is mainly spoken in Mof-Ávvi , a former kingdom of 10 villages located to the west of Ziguinchor , the capital city of the former administrative region of Casamance in the south of Senegal .
te	1	They can not oppose to the teacher , girls are not allowed to make up and wear any accessories .
te	1	The inner field items are displayed as salespeople 's names , and the outer field items are displayed as the years 1997 and 1998 .
te	1	He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . ''
te	1	Black rags were wound round their loins , and the short ends behind wagged to and fro like tails .
te	1	Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .
te	1	The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal Region was then established , also including Samnium , parts of Molise and the oriental Basilicata .
te	1	12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .
te	1	Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf .
te	1	Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .
te	1	`` The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government '' ?
te	1	There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .
te	1	It is n't made to tighten overly large shoes .
te	1	How is the Santorum drink made ?
te	1	After news of the police response was reported , Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg .
te	1	The First Folio of 1623 , however , lists Shakespeare as one of `` the Principal Actors in all these Plays '' , some of which were first staged after Volpone , although we can not know for certain which roles he played .
te	1	By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung-out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .
te	1	The play was supposed to start at 19.30 but it was delayed so at 20.15 a curtain of the stage was pulled up .
te	1	Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann , I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8M each : one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron , and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing .
te	1	Their Thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .
te	1	It was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 1975 .
te	1	He turned his attention to the photograph again and was relieved to find his thoughts wandering to the subject of whales , to the expeditions that had set out from Nantucket in the last century , to Melville and the opening pages of Moby Dick .
te	1	Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration , without distinction of any kind , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status .
te	1	They are located at the same place .
te	1	My partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America , and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency .
te	1	Your letter which says I won first prize in your competition has just been arrived .
te	1	Bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild , however , and they all almost certainly have died .
te	1	This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .
te	1	It has two parts , both of which are timed for 90 seconds each and the differential between the resulting two scores determines the likelihood of having a learning disability or attention deficit disorder .
te	1	It will be held in Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday , 14th of March , from 10.00 to 19.00 .
te	1	Lately when the show finished , I planed to go to the restorant and get some food , but I was close , because it was being repaired .
te	1	We were greeted again and sat promptly .
te	1	and also It saves my time which would be used up for doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
te	1	Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )
te	1	There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and don ’ t go out in The Onion .
te	1	Even though they were labeled whale meat , they were dolphin meat .
te	1	The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon .
te	1	Mr Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and his eyes closed .
te	1	The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .
te	1	In the 1960s and 1970s , many 19th century neoclassical buildings , often small and private , were demolished to make way for office buildings , often designed by great Greek architects .
te	1	Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
te	1	Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?
te	1	The worst that could be said of him was that he did not represent his class .
te	1	what the young man dismissed was any possible suggestion that he was to be thought of in connection with Shinza .
te	1	A peaceful man who was caught up in the wills of the apartheid regime , dying such a violent death .
te	1	However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .
te	1	If all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .
te	1	They had been so moved by the beauty of the Rudyard Lake area that when their first child was born they referenced it when naming him .
te	1	And they must be greeted with an open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and hope .
te	1	What does remain most puzzling , '' he says , `` is why it was thought that the imparting of such lessons could advance the interests of the United States , or even contribute to the welfare of the Egyptian people . ''
te	1	Paralympic sport brings attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with people who are disabled .
te	1	A sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by someone who gave it to the CBC today .
te	1	But past growth performance is no guarantee that a broadly similar trajectory can be maintained throughout this century .
te	1	The information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above .
te	1	Mandatory mass evacuations have been carried out , which is essential to minimize loss of life in these situations .
te	1	North / South is divided by Admiral Blvd .
te	1	Medicine was also studied , especially in southern Italy , where Islamic medicine influenced the school at Salerno .
te	1	Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week .
te	1	Are some party organized during the holidays ?
te	1	The car was already parked near the rear door and there was an unusual activity all over the house .
te	1	It is good that this Directive should be established now , as , otherwise , member states would have to amend their national acts for a very short time , a period of transition , which would again mean unnecessary costs and which would once more increase concern with regard to EU bureaucracy .
te	1	Madam President , coinciding with this year 's first part-session of the European Parliament , a date has been set , unfortunately for next Thursday , in Texas in America , for the execution of a young 34 year-old man who has been sentenced to death .
te	1	The vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
te	1	As new materials are made and new styles are created either by designers or people themselves which leads to changes in fashion but on the other hand come materials will probably still be used such as jeans , which was invented ages ago in America .
te	1	While there have been spasms of speculation about the Bush administration naming a replacement for O'Keefe , no nominee has been declared .
te	1	It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place .
te	1	They were set up by the European Union for a specific purpose .
te	1	And we 're making the ocean pretty unhappy in a lot of different ways .
te	1	On the advertisement , that I have received , it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but I kept wainting for it to start for half an hour .
te	1	Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .
te	1	Our bathroom fan , one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed .
te	1	- The programme should continue to be available to all Member States but a priority should be given ( in the first instance ) to those with low participation or who did not organise actions in the first programme , as well as the new Member States .
te	1	This should be a big surprise for him : the car was bought and everything was prepared in a very hush-hush atmosphere .
te	1	i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .
te	1	WT Cal has been added .
te	1	Refering to optional lessons , it was recommended that Speaking and listening , Computer and Business English are suitable for filming .
te	1	There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .
te	1	However , I still do n't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares .
te	1	USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .
te	1	You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year !
te	1	Many of his novels were initially serialized , like those of Dickens .
te	1	Near the end of his life Balzac was captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres ( 81 Km2 ) of oak wood in Ukraine and transporting it for sale in France .
te	1	It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’ s bed would ask how they were done .
te	1	Stillman was gone now .
te	1	Last weekend in the Local Festival , that is held every year in our Town , I was walking with my little sister , who is three years old .
te	1	The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .
te	1	This language has been included in the attached draft .
te	1	First I was supposed to help at the refreshment spot for the fans but some 15 minutes before beginning I was told to go to the backstage and help with the refreshment for the musicians , technicians and others who worked there .
te	1	In my point of view , modern technology is a great thing unless it is used to serve bad intentions .
te	1	The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .
te	1	But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .
te	1	In addition to this some concert halls were too small to host all the people who were there fro the occasion and , personally speaking the show could be done at the open air next year , so that music would also create a fantastic atmosphere all around .
te	1	The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation , however , seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called `` War on Terror . ''
te	1	I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .
te	1	Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red .
te	1	that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications )
te	1	He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .
te	1	Systems that assess expertise can be manipulated , and many cases of such manipulation exist — take the recent example by the University of Malaysia , which attempted to boost metrics by urging its faculty to cite one another [ 28 ] .
te	1	As soon as the official party photos were released , social media lit up with comments — and they were less than favourable .
te	1	Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time , Pilate decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried .
te	1	That 's because of the buffer that holds the data until it 's ready to be recorded to the memory card .
te	1	Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch ?
te	1	Early in the morning of 30 May 1832 , he was shot in the abdomen , [ 17 ] abandoned by his opponents and seconds , and was found by a passing farmer .
te	1	Last year an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality was formed to get out the message that at least some people of faith are not opposed to extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to same-gender couples .
te	1	Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !
te	1	On the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .
te	1	We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .
te	1	Since I was born , science and technology are developing faster and faster ,
te	1	This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “ no reservation , sign your name here ” .
te	1	What you don ’ t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps , like women ’ s long sleeve shirts or kids ’ blankets .
te	1	The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate dust particles to very high speeds , to simulate the interstellar dust impacts that we 're looking for .
te	1	They were sent to our second room and had been opened -- the ribbon-wrapped present , and all 3 envelopes .
te	1	Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .
te	1	The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .
te	1	I also suggest that more plays and films should be taken place .
te	1	Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M , no exceptions .
te	1	A small number of actions geared on the protection against currency counterfeiting are carried out under other Community programmes , such as TAIEX and Twinning .
te	1	Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident ?
te	1	The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .
te	1	New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80 % of the city was submerged , in some cases by waters 6m ( 20ft ) deep .
te	1	European exports rose during that period but the situation has now been rectified .
te	1	If they get upset , gauge their anger .
te	1	However , Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy .
te	1	On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .
te	1	Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?
te	1	Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day 's training How fast your support queries get answered ?
te	1	These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .
te	1	The first referendum is to be held from November 20 to December 11 , selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists .
te	1	The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk .
te	1	His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
te	1	In the advertisement , it was written that the show was London 's newest and best musical show .
te	1	They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .
te	1	If the chicken was n't hypnotized , try this alternative .
te	1	The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one .
te	1	The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .
te	1	Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?
te	1	The family here ( California ) wanted to fly any family members from there to CA , so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there .
te	1	in the pharmaceutical industry alone , FDI could reach as much as $ 77 billion , with R & D rising to $ 4.2 billion and 44,000 new jobs being created .
te	1	I would like to have my two weeks with you in July , as it will be during my summer holiday in addition that it is said to be the best season there .
te	1	Yo mama ` s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .
te	1	The doctor 's office said that payments had been `` reversed '' .
te	1	The survey was done to 300 students , who are between 18-28 , at our school .
te	1	The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM .
te	1	It was Jefferson who said that the tree of liberty must occasionally be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants .
te	1	When you copy data to a program other than Excel or Word that does not support the HTML format used by PivotTable views , the data is copied as unformatted text .
te	1	The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit .
te	1	This new legally binding vote is highlighted in the revision of the Rules by describing it as the election of the Commission .
te	1	We asked for it and we were told that there was not discount neither for her not for anyone else , so I had to pay the full price of the two tickets .
te	1	The road is much improved , much improved .
te	1	This file is saved as _report.xml .
te	1	Moreover your theatre restaurant was closed all evening , I think you should know that ticket were sold without any discounts .
te	1	Moreover , if an innovation , such as ATMs in banking , leads to increased unemployment , none of the social cost – neither the suffering of those who are laid off nor the increased fiscal cost of paying them unemployment benefits – is reflected in firms ' profitability .
te	1	Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish than we were , after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight .
te	1	All of a sudden a terrible wind blew up , so strong that I thought the hill my little house was built on would be blown apart – but I ’ d seen the Devil do things as bad as this before ( the Devil had often tried to harm me ) , so I took heart and went on meditating .
te	1	As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;
te	1	No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .
te	1	But that part of me had been cut out along with the bad wiring .
te	1	The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf .
te	1	An actor was changed and the pubblic were no informated .
te	1	In the parts of the city farther from downtown , north-south streets are numbered .
te	1	The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;
te	1	`` We were on the road and the first bridge was bombed and we drove home and all the other bridges were bombed and there was absolutely no way for us to get home , '' Chahine told reporters outside federal court in Detroit .
te	1	( 2 ) No one may be compelled to belong to an association .
te	1	Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .
te	1	Montalvo was charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the Scientology organization after leaving the Sea Org group .
te	1	At the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .
te	1	Published in 1609 , the Sonnets were the last of Shakespeare 's non-dramatic works to be printed .
te	1	I am writing to express how I was dissatisfied with Over the Rainbow which was presented by the Circle Theatre .
te	1	We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests .
te	1	They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit .
te	1	Well we just had one in the United States at the Republic Windows and Doors Factory , it ’ s hard to know , I mean these things are just hard to predict , they may take off , and they may take on a broader scope , they may fizzle away or be diverted .
te	1	Madam President , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so .
te	1	When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .
te	1	Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker .
te	1	He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .
te	1	The event was known about in Paris and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently high price of bread and lack of provisions .
te	1	( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .
te	1	In this respect , I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94/55/EC which has been tabled for discussion today .
te	1	I believe that this would be a lot easier if consumers were involved .
te	1	Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
te	1	Off season is good , however , the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked .
te	1	Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the cause of which is unknown .
te	1	This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .
te	1	During the War of the First Coalition , light quickly began to be shed upon a young Corsican artillery officer , following the French Revolution : Napoleon Bonaparte .
te	1	He will make sure that we do not request FX and inflation ( CPI , PPI , etc . ) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed .
te	1	While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , Im disappointed that NASA did not choose them .
te	1	Empty elements can be denoted by a special shorthand tag .
te	1	This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .
te	1	Jóola language varieties which are closely related to Eegimaa include Kujireray / Kuluunaay ( from the village of Brin with 76 % lexical similarity ) and Gufiñamay ( from the village of Afiniam with 74 % lexical similarity ( based on Lewis et al. , 2014 eds . ) ) .
te	1	The study of literature is itself heavily `` politicized . ''
te	1	When we asked for discounts tickets , we were said there never were discount offers and that we had to pay the highest tickets - £ 20 each - because we were not English students .
te	1	Secondly , although we had booked the tickets 3 days before we went to the theatre , we could not be given any discounts only because we had done at a travel agency .
te	1	Her flat cloth slippers were propped up on a foot-warmer , and a cat reposed on her lap .
te	1	All of Dvořák 's nine operas but his first have librettos in Czech and were intended to convey Czech national spirit , as were some of his choral works .
te	1	Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;
te	1	As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to wai , nor to reciprocate when wai 'd to ;
te	1	The show will be at the Central Exhibition Hall and it will be opened until 7 . pm .
te	1	I also found out that the theatre restaurant was not opened after the show due to the shortage of food sold .
te	1	There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .
te	1	- emprove your kindness and ask for works in restaurants or pubs , is a good training period for real life too ( be patient with demanding people is always required )
te	1	A second aspect is the parts or hours of the day the Paralympics will be shown .
te	1	A nigger was being beaten near by .
te	1	As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted `` pre-arrest bail . ''
te	1	I could see every rib , the joints of their limbs were like knots in a rope ; each had an iron collar on his neck , and all were connected together with a chain whose bights swung between them , rhythmically clinking .
te	1	The evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004 .
te	1	As you can tell from the time of my e-mail , I am getting crushed .
te	1	Sports fans are n't known as patrons of poetry .
te	1	`` However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .
te	1	Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .
te	1	As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq , both Iran and Syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them .
te	1	He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .
te	1	He is always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with immediately –
te	1	They dont want to be held or touched .
te	1	Jespersen in this theory of ranks removes the parts of speech from the syntax , and differentiates between primaries , secondaries , and tertiaries ; e.g . in `` well honed phrase , '' `` phrase '' is a primary , this being defined by a secondary , `` honed '' , which again is defined by a tertiary `` well '' .
te	1	According to Rathbun the Scientology property in question was returned by mail to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he left the Sea Org .
te	1	This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born .
te	1	If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .
te	1	It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the Beast ... .
te	1	We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies , visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm , rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout .
te	1	It is Oct. 6 , and not one family member has been located .
te	1	Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .
te	1	“ You want to be infected ?
te	1	Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world .
te	1	i.e . Are we covered if we proceed a word with `` Enron '' ?
te	1	However , the real development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry .
te	1	Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in `` approved security cabinets '' wound up on the street .
te	1	For instance , those with an interest in deceiving the general public may set up parallel institutions that ostensibly guarantee expertise , taking advantage of the ways in which these parallel institutions mimic legitimate institutions to ensure that people are taken in .
te	1	When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .
te	1	It is vital that it is done at the beginning of each ballet session , including before a performance .
te	1	The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .
te	1	Is the Indian government well prepared to deal with this cyclone ?
te	1	He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .
te	1	At one time , some thought he had been spotted in Iran .
te	1	The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the latest .
te	1	The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .
te	1	When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .
te	1	After George Harrison , said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames : `` I want to talk about the divinity of man '' , he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death..
te	1	Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives !
te	1	These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .
te	1	Bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control , who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .
te	1	After the birth of the twins , Shakespeare left few historical traces until he is mentioned as part of the London theatre scene in 1592 .
te	1	Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .
te	1	We are aware of six studies designed to investigate the effects of a substantial period of limited exposure following adult L2 training [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 21 ] – [ 24 ] , all of which were restricted to the examination of behavioral ( performance ) outcomes .
te	1	Bright hair was brushed up off a high round forehead and behind the ears , in a way he associated with busy , capable women .
te	1	In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their Government or society .
te	1	Dvořák 's own style has been described as `` the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them '' . [ 1 ]
te	1	Attached is my resume .
te	1	Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper , which is an additional punchline .
te	1	As the home is built on the sky .
te	1	Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .
te	1	My life have been changed by technological improving .
te	1	( 2 ) Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance .
te	1	He knew no one but the walk was processional , a reception to him , and by the time he entered the building over the steps where , as always , dead insects fallen from the light during the night had not been swept away , it was all as suddenly familiar and ordinary as the faces other people were greeting were , to them .
te	1	As we discussed last week , since the Enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants , we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was negotiated by Enron and the banks .
te	1	British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .
te	1	They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
te	1	Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .
te	1	Next to the statue is protected by the guards ,
te	1	As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet-nurse ;
te	1	Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .
te	1	Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays .
te	1	Get used to using it yourself , and spread it to others .
te	1	However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .
te	1	It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .
te	1	Next , students during the pause in the yard should be filmed .
te	1	Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list .
te	1	EVENTUALLY THE ROBBER WAS CAUGHT BY THE POLICE , AND FOR HIS BRAVE AND HONESTY HE HAD A LOT OF FRIENDS .
te	1	Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . ''
te	1	There is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers ; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained ; Then a family pool ; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .
te	1	A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .
te	1	The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .
te	1	Indeed , it may be forced to retreat from the Middle East and concentrate on its domestic problems .
te	1	It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .
te	1	The joint debate is closed .
te	1	And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?
te	1	I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .
te	1	A bar did not appeal to him tonight – eating in the dark , the press of boozy chatter – although normally he would have welcomed it .
te	1	- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
te	1	The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories .
te	1	This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq , and a reaction to America 's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from Damascus .
te	1	If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :
te	1	If , after total chute failure , you land on something soft , it is possible that instead of being killed outright , you may be permanently paralyzed due to spinal injury .
te	1	Weiss was honored with the literature prizes from the cities of Cologne and Bremen .
te	1	Title , binding , and covers had been gnawed away .
te	1	This cultural diversity is represented through the vast variety of international restaurants and small business , and in particular , there is a strong Korean presence that can be seen in retail and dining storefronts .
te	1	As it was written in your advertisement , artists should have come from around the world but only six countries were represented , I was quite disappointed .
te	1	In the late 19th century , Edward Dowden classified four of the late comedies as romances , and though many scholars prefer to call them tragicomedies , his term is often used .
te	1	Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .
te	1	That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .
te	1	I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .
te	1	In 1856 , the Second Opium War broke out ; the Chinese were again defeated and forced to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking .
te	1	On the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People 's Party , who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .
te	1	They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .
te	1	I use my desk to study which was made with trees cut down and emsamblish by machines more powerful than handwork .
te	1	`` This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :
te	1	Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo-era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .
te	1	Firstly , we need to make the best possible use of consultation as a means of ensuring proper coordination and participation by all local and regional operators in decision-making , precisely so that imbalances and inequalities can be avoided .
te	1	They are currently in third place , and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause .
te	1	The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia , but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of European Governments to various NGO 's and by certain United Nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .
te	1	Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .
te	1	The announcement was first reprinted for humorous effect by the editor of the San Francisco Bulletin .
te	1	For example , differences in recruitment and retention strategies across departments will be washed out by averaging , thereby masking any insights into the efficacy of individual strategies and policies .
te	1	We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing .
te	1	Until Europe wakes up , this unity will not be achieved .
te	1	The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .
te	1	It was paddled by black fellows .
te	1	The referee should ensure that rules are being followed .
te	1	Of course , that was n't , we had actually organised a party for him with all his friends since a long time go , but he was n't supposed to know that .
te	1	Today , expansive ruins can be viewed there .
te	1	I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .
te	1	Secondly , a promotion campaign should be swiftly launched within the Community to increase awareness amongst the general public and boost consumption in Europe .
te	1	Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy .
te	1	Of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want . )
te	1	The opinion must be expressed when the vote on the full text is taken in committee .
te	1	The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals and lunatics ( as that of George Martin , ally of the Beatles ) .
te	1	Apparently , however , Galois did not ignore Poisson 's advice , as he began collecting all his mathematical manuscripts while still in prison , and continued polishing his ideas until his release on 29 April 1832 , [ 12 ] after which he was somehow talked into a duel . [ 8 ]
te	1	The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .
te	1	You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled ;
te	1	I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .
te	1	Festus could be heard retailing the exchange , confidently in the right , in the kitchen ;
te	1	He walked around to ease the cramp in his knees but there was a small circumference and within a few strides one found oneself back again at the shop , before which women and child passengers were drawn to gaze at embroidered aprons and evzone dolls .
te	1	People in charge of security did n't arrive when they were supposed to .
te	1	Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000 .
te	1	During my stay I read an advertisement of a musical show being held at The Circle Theatre .
te	1	What is known is that five days before his death , he wrote a letter to Chevalier which clearly alludes to a broken love affair . [ 7 ]
te	1	Apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip will be cut down .
te	1	I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts .
te	1	So , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each .
te	1	These series are represented by colored data markers , and their names appear in the chart legend .
te	1	Tropical vegetation includes the pandanus or screw pine , the casuarina , and the mulberry tree , the bark of which is used to make tapa cloth .
te	1	This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
te	1	I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .
te	1	An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .
te	1	Casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond .
te	1	In light of this situation , we find it difficult to accept a number of unilateral proposals that were put forward .
te	1	The tree got its name because if any damage is made to the bark then a dark red liquid oozes out .
te	1	The Hotel is near the station and is call `` Grand Placad `` .
te	1	Their length was not predetermined .
te	1	The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .
te	1	I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .
te	1	You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .
te	1	I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .
te	1	It is the only cycle to be preserved in purpose-built surroundings in the UK , and one of very few of its kind in the world .
te	1	What is most needed in this , as well as in other areas , is a serious in depth analysis of the problems .
te	1	Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
te	1	The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .
te	1	The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .
te	1	It was made entirely of collaged illustrations cut out of old books
te	1	Part of the American Sixth Fleet was anchored nearby .
te	1	We were also served salad and soda .
te	1	Thomas was ordered by the church court to do public penance which would have caused much shame and embarrassment for the Shakespeare family .
te	1	A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .
te	1	The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .
te	1	Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time .
te	1	The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years ' War in 1632 by Swedish troops .
te	1	Unlike the deficit-prone emerging economies that are now in trouble – whose imbalances are strikingly reminiscent of those in the Asian economies that were hit by the late-1990 's financial crisis – China runs a current-account surplus .
te	1	Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .
te	1	But then , to its more severe leftist critics , some of them Jews , Israel is not the `` democratic exception '' it is said to be .
te	1	I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband 's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me .
te	1	A runway that provides fairly regular airline transportation was only constructed in 1999 .
te	1	Good God , they 've been gone at least five or six years .
te	1	And for 'Smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle being employed .
te	1	if the computer is completely shut off , the USB ports are n't getting power , so they wo n't charge your phone
te	1	He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .
te	1	Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean , which took a surprisingly short time .
te	1	Names of participants would be engraved , at their option , on a flag pole monument to be built in the nation 's capital , Wellington .
te	1	I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .
te	1	Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .
te	1	During the Romantic era , Shakespeare was praised by the poet and literary philosopher Samuel Taylor Coleridge ;
te	1	Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .
te	1	It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .
te	1	He thinks he will deceive people in this way , so that the real McCartney will not be perceived .
te	1	Numbers through five in the participating communities are most often expressed with native Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically indicated using English borrowings .
te	1	Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4 .
te	1	And the restorant of the theatre was being pait , so I could not go as you said in the advertisment .
te	1	The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .
te	1	Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms , partly because real-estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans .
te	1	A clean and redlined version are attached .
te	1	The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .
te	1	Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .
te	1	Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it
te	1	The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .
te	1	At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .
te	1	In the course of the first three years of the programme 38 projects were initiated ;
te	1	I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .
te	1	Pants are preferable to shorts , blouses should have capped sleeves , and if tank tops are worn , the straps should be thick ( i.e. , not spaghetti straps ) .
te	1	instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 % , I think we should acknowledge that a `` modest '' increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings , not just determined by whim .
te	1	To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M-16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M-14 .
te	1	After that date , any aid found to be incompatible with those guidelines shall be considered as new aid .
te	1	The Council Resolution of 28 October 1999 on the role of standardisation in Europe recommended that the Commission should examine whether the New Approach principle could be extended to sectors not yet covered as a means of improving and simplifying legislation wherever possible .
te	1	The premises you visited do not belong to the European Commission and the staff you met are not employed by the European Commission .
te	1	If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you ca n't find something in your own field .
te	1	If only one could be transported on a magic carpet ...
te	1	The 131-page document was found on Castlefrank Road in Kanata , Ontario in a rain-stained , tire-marked brown envelope by a passerby .
te	1	It was a disappointing for me , because this actors were recommended by my friend , because he knows Danny and Tina .
te	1	I also think we should ensure , or ask Member States to ensure , that there is some publicity given to European aid whenever it is used to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents .
te	1	In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .
te	1	The `` trillion spore '' issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .
te	1	`` They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , '' he added .
te	1	Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .
te	1	Furthermore , I would like to reiterate that RAC 's goal , prior to quoting any credit reserve , is to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .
te	1	These clothes have to be made of something light , suitable to wear and protective .
te	1	The result is around ten well preserved underwater shipwrecks surrounded with coral reef .
te	1	Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .
te	1	Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
te	1	If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .
te	1	Skin aging and skin cancer will be discussed as those reactions produced by prolonged or repeated UVR exposure [ 4 ] .
te	1	Since early Summer 2003 , the number of counterfeit euro banknotes detected in circulation has stabilised at about 50000 a month , a level below the pre-euro levels , lower than the US dollar and extremely low compared to the nine billion genuine euro banknotes in circulation .
te	1	This is unlike the situation last year in Asia when we evacuated U.S. citizens from areas that were hit by the tsunami - a phenomenon that is much less predictable than the Hezbollah-provoked destruction that rained down on Lebanon .
te	1	We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions .
te	1	They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved .
te	1	If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .
te	1	I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .
te	1	My Group believes that since a Parliament is meant to listen , debate and reflect , there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and we believe that , if the Commission is ready to do so , we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens .
te	1	Four months later , we were married .
te	1	And all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a Moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .
te	1	Iran is encircled by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .
te	1	Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively .
te	1	He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
te	1	Birds are hard to gain trust with , but it 's lost so easily !
te	1	Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .
te	1	The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .
te	1	The lesson was donated by the teacher Adz .
te	1	I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors
te	1	Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid .
te	1	So I suggest it be assigned to Leon .
te	1	Now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .
te	1	A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .
te	1	A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or `` high . ''
te	1	Once it got started , I realised that the idea must have been inspired by the title of Justine Larbalestier ’ s How to Ditch Your Fairy , although it has nothing at all to do with that story at all .
te	1	Than I was told to stay in front of the entrance door and check the tickets .
te	1	Bray 's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and , stoked up by the hot lunch , his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat .
te	1	Civic Party 's Jeremy Tam was elected for the first time .
te	1	XSLT is an XML-based language that allows one XML document to be mapped , or transformed , into another XML document .
te	1	They can move the fields that are displayed in the row , column , and data area of the PivotTable list , or add or remove fields from the list .
te	1	I was married by a judge .
te	1	To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls .
te	1	In October 2001 , did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed `` Khalid Sheik Bojinka '' ?
te	1	The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions :
te	1	Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .
te	1	Note that the credit thresholds are in US $ , but the MACS are designated in British Pounds .
te	1	On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .
te	1	In addition , I received feedback from our Gas Desk that the access to the Gas segment of Enron On-Line was cut off to CPS -- - do you know who would handle this at Enron that we can speak to ?
te	0	`` In 1833 Balzac released Eugénie Grandet , his first best-selling novel .
te	0	As we discussed , the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue :
te	0	I think that providing such festivals could help people to be in the centre of cultural life of the world and to have enough information about the new art styles
te	0	If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .
te	0	I spoke with Mike Collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5+million remaining shares .
te	0	Quinn would have liked to offer to help , but he could not budge .
te	0	I suppose that some concert halls are too small , so you should be sure about it in advance .
te	0	Kitchen staff works hard to provide students with variety of food .
te	0	It 's an amazing experience !
te	0	Even on a sunny morning the stone buildings of Jerusalem chill your hands and feet .
te	0	Moreover you bought something then you could find it is a little bit expensive than the other shop .
te	0	He began to speak as soon as he saw me .
te	0	You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .
te	0	Maria and Ivan were again poor .
te	0	Forget the ONE or more contract questions .
te	0	( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
te	0	It 's `` tall '' being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .
te	0	Balzac revised obsessively , covering printer 's proofs with changes and additions to be reset .
te	0	When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .
te	0	I am looking forward to your reply letter .
te	0	First , Pat started to laugh , but as he realized , that I did n't stop crying , he comfort me until I was calming down .
te	0	If you 're a chronic procrastinator , you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .
te	0	It 's not too comfortable for a man your height , Colonel .
te	0	I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .
te	0	There 's something pathetically childish in the ruins of grass walls .
te	0	I was spending some days in London and enjoyed a lot the idea of seeing this show .
te	0	when they have a free time , I am sure about that , they will like to visit that place .
te	0	But there was a little problem and it was that my parent 's did n't let me go alone to disco 's , so I had to go illegaly , and I decided I would do it .
te	0	My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery , So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit .
te	0	I saw lots of videos about this , but actually it did n't help .
te	0	After show we went immediately to the tickets office for asking money back , but they were to strict and close - minded .
te	0	It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .
te	0	Now you can hear from people you 're interested in , even if you 're not friends .
te	0	This view of the situation comforted Quinn , and he decided to believe in it , even though he had no grounds for belief .
te	0	My main working was take people to their seat because of a concert hall , which was the millenium dorm .
te	0	Image : Nick Moreau .
te	0	The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .
te	0	Curvetting & amp ; caracoling of the horsemen .
te	0	Finally , I think it was a good idea the fact to buy only one ticket for all the events since I just spent the time watching and enjoying all of them .
te	0	But following Stillman was not wandering .
te	0	The staff will not even answer the phone for take out .
te	0	For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .
te	0	As well , people wo n't be as worried about fashion as nowaday , however it will be very important that clothes are comfortable and suitable for your work and daily duties as well as sport or everything you have to do .
te	0	It was as though Stillman 's presence was a command to be silent .
te	0	It 's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
te	0	The study of how people , as fans , access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry , but to the wider context of cultural studies , by offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user .
te	0	When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
te	0	I therefore urge the German presidency to take whatever initiative is necessary in the Bonn EU/US summit in June .
te	0	The good news is that a promising new technology is ready for field-testing .
te	0	Some time ago ... a word in your ear , I said , you 'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe .
te	0	This is just another reason to never trust the MSM , and certainly not the Europeans .
te	0	Leon hate dog , and I do n't know why .
te	0	I am writting this letter because I am very dissapointed with your musical show .
te	0	As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .
te	0	Today , the Tagbanuas remain the dominant if not entire population of Coron .
te	0	and ... ( how do I best explain this ? )
te	0	I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay , have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me , as they do n't have an online area for it yet , fill those out , send them away , then apply for his birth certificate .
te	0	We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .
te	0	The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .
te	0	Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap , saying they could n't make a profit even under these constraints .
te	0	Although I intended to stay at youth hostel , I could not find any place to stay , and also it was too late to buy a train ticket to go back home .
te	0	Hey Tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D )
te	0	Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .
te	0	Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat .
te	0	Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .
te	0	Many students went to Rutgers , including their top-ranked pharmacy program .
te	0	I started to write down my dreams .
te	0	`` My father is collecting those stories from different peoples .
te	0	George W. Bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front .
te	0	I hope you answer this letter as quik as possible with lots of thing to tell me .
te	0	The smile faded slightly from Mr Borgin 's face .
te	0	as they can drink a lot .
te	0	Thanks for your help !
te	0	We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam .
te	0	Tuesday , March 20th .
te	0	The landlord is not nice nor helpful
te	0	Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .
te	0	You live the moment , without any perspective , but you can not break free of the moment , forget the moment .
te	0	Therefore , I think you should pay some money back for me .
te	0	dat bird is smart .
te	0	Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is
te	0	Giving a hand up to the advantaged
te	0	John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .
te	0	Its support base is much larger than what it seems .
te	0	Whie I do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which I think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
te	0	$ 3 Coronas & Heineken
te	0	It 's really strange occurrence , over the years .
te	0	Obviously , there is no point in saying `` famous people have a right to their own live . ``
te	0	Furthermore it helps in house works , at school and you can travel to places very quickly .
te	0	Do n't do it , put it on a list and do it later .
te	0	So in Camp California I would like to keep me on touching to these areas .
te	0	His nickname is `` Jafar the Pilot . ''
te	0	Thing is , it worked .
te	0	I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http : //www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http : //www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
te	0	( Some might cynically say that keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing , but I doubt that that is really true . )
te	0	Joshua Abraham Norton ( c. 1818 – January 8 , 1880 ) , known as Emperor Norton , was a citizen of San Francisco , California , who in 1859 proclaimed himself `` Norton I , Emperor of the United States '' .
te	0	Staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient .
te	0	Thanks for the great deal and the great car !
te	0	A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report .
te	0	It was quite easy to find something .
te	0	We are smiling , both of us .
te	0	You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .
te	0	I look at it as human interaction .
te	0	Hundreds dead in Hajj stampede
te	0	When i say jiu-jitsu or mma i mean it !
te	0	You will understand how upseting all this was , and I decided to visit your restaurant , thinking that could save my visit to the theatre , but it was closed and I had to go back to my hotel felling mad an hungry .
te	0	You never know .
te	0	( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end-users .
te	0	Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .
te	0	The yoyo gave off a fluted , whistling sound as it descended , and sparks shot off inside it .
te	0	We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .
te	0	Madam President , I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate .
te	0	Perceptions of resilience have given way to fears of vulnerability .
te	0	I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .
te	0	anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience .
te	0	Seems to me like A & E charges way more than necessary !
te	0	My house was empty and cold .
te	0	The boy gasped , but then the yoyo stopped , dangling at the end of the line .
te	0	Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists .
te	0	I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .
te	0	In the First Folio , Ben Jonson called Shakespeare the `` Soul of the age , the applause , delight , the wonder of our stage '' , though he had remarked elsewhere that `` Shakespeare wanted art '' .
te	0	I will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist .
te	0	Is good or bad ?
te	0	okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot.. what are fun things to do around there ?
te	0	I < 3 Max 's
te	0	If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .
te	0	In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”
te	0	So I 'm going with you , I pay for the gas and the twinkies .
te	0	Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
te	0	It 's a burgeoning neighborhood of performing arts ranging from nightclubs to music halls , avant-garde performance art , and even an improv theater company .
te	0	I want you to know how extraordinary moments I passed with my friends in the festival .
te	0	Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston ( lv . around noon , arrv . around 4:30pm )
te	0	`` Expect the unexpected , '' and enjoy the ride !
te	0	Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !
te	0	What is quite not true because when I asked for it , the woman who sells the tickets replied with a resounding `` no `` .
te	0	If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .
te	0	They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything .
te	0	Firstly , most people might remember the sad story of `` Princess Diana ``
te	0	Set adjacent to Henga Lodge is the magnificent Henga Scenic Reserve .
te	0	In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .
te	0	Anyway , lots of fun meetings today .
te	0	And there are already Arabs who did it .
te	0	The finest German bedding and linens store .
te	0	Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
te	0	My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .
te	0	Nothing like Dubai , and never will be !
te	0	As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism .
te	0	Elmira , your the best !
te	0	This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .
te	0	Madam President , I do not have a script , just two observations .
te	0	we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...
te	0	The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003 .
te	0	I have sometimes troubles with backache when I coud ' t sleep on a flat ground .
te	0	Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup-making with `` taking office , '' and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the Taliban , would bring `` stability ! ''
te	0	I also like tennis but I am not very good ,
te	0	Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones @ radianz.com
te	0	Because I do n't feel like spending over $ 20 on a freakin DVD
te	0	The most important question is n't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures , but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia , errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting .
te	0	So it is essential that we activate this right fully .
te	0	Technology brings me a lot of new possibilities every day , and it also makes everything easier .
te	0	I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .
te	0	I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK .
te	0	The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington , D.C..
te	0	With nothing to lose , at all , but on the contrary , with a lot to learn from .
te	0	Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .
te	0	The Escola do Cérebro is a platform that integrates seven digital games into a database .
te	0	So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .
te	0	In his haste to capture Kadesh , Ramesses II committed a major tactical error .
te	0	Holt graduated in 2006 from Stephenville High School in Texas .
te	0	Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .
te	0	I called her grandmother and explained things to her .
te	0	The first demonstrates the validity and utility of the crawler by collecting census data for the field of computer science and comparing it to a hand-curated census , collected in 2011 [ 19 ] .
te	0	The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .
te	0	What 's their personality like ?
te	0	We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnic foods .
te	0	But , I need to say it to someone , so I told it to Pat .
te	0	the passcode : 6871082 #
te	0	In regards to death metal , the problem is , once again , a question of education , history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture .
te	0	In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .
te	0	Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .
te	0	`` I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No . 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , '' the American said .
te	0	I would like also to have more information about the cost and which kind of clothes you suggest to bring with me .
te	0	Pay attention , altough there are automatic storage , you can only pay with coins ( they 're now installing some where you 'll be able to pay with credit card , but it 's sporadic now .
te	0	I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .
te	0	It suddenly did not seem to matter anymore .
te	0	Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos ?
te	0	Also while at Cambridge he formed lifelong friendships with men such as John Cam Hobhouse , who initiated him into the Cambridge Whig Club , which endorsed liberal politics , [ 28 ] and Francis Hodgson , a Fellow at King 's College , with whom he corresponded on literary and other matters until the end of his life .
te	0	After the show we wanted to visit the restaurant , but it was closed because of painting-works inside the restaurant .
te	0	None of them did , and most importantly , the winning bidders did not .
te	0	In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
te	0	At some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all .
te	0	the passcode : 6871082 #
te	0	I took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job .
te	0	Access is free to Lodge guests .
te	0	They chased the Communists out of the capital ( Hanoi ) and retook control .
te	0	As far as I am concerned I would appreciate to have myself some of her characteristics , like take a decision and handle .
te	0	And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .
te	0	Of course , it everyone pays less attention or interest , the situations should be better .
te	0	11/28/2000 03:58 PM
te	0	I should damn well hope so .
te	0	Jana made me feel very comfortable .
te	0	I suggest that you wear a formal dress .
te	0	I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .
te	0	Please clarify `` all '' do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?
te	0	I live alone , so I have to cook my own food , and I 'm the worst cooker in the whole world .
te	0	So much for resting on our laurels . ?
te	0	Muttering darkly , Mr Borgin disappeared into a back room .
te	0	If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would .
te	0	Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .
te	0	it 's the Palace Hotel .
te	0	Consequently , we 've got facilities to know many different places and to contact different people , too .
te	0	It 's an event Mexico hopes will eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil .
te	0	I was really looking forward to seeing his role , but on starting the show , I found it disappointed .
te	0	I have a change in plans next week .
te	0	Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .
te	0	Near the bridge the women were going for water with paraffin tins on their heads .
te	0	Serve and enjoy !
te	0	Email : `` Sean Figaro '' < sfig ... @ houston.rr.com >
te	0	If something happens that I 'm not able to participate I 'll let you know .
te	0	I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
te	0	When I wrote my 9/11-related poems , that was true adversity .
te	0	Everyone can see that the draft CAP reforms tend to become embedded in the rut defined by the Commission 's too liberal tendencies .
te	0	We would be very interesting in seeing the english fashion .
te	0	Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .
te	0	I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’ d rather watch it without me in the end .
te	0	Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
te	0	One day at five o'clock in the morning I stepped out of my tent without seen and started walking towards the river , because I want take some photographs of the sun rise .
te	0	Game 15 : Monday , August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY
te	0	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .
te	0	When give the ultimate choice , they rallied…
te	0	Every Monday we 're having a practice time .
te	0	From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .
te	0	Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about 6 million visitors according to the event website .
te	0	Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .
te	0	I had to go to the BBC for this report .
te	0	Carroll put on his pants , admiring the crease .
te	0	Too many people are working in traditional , low-productivity service industries , such as wholesale , retail trade , and restaurants , leaving modern , high-productivity services like communications , health , financial intermediation , and business services underdeveloped .
te	0	I could not help arching my back a little , I wanted to push against his hand like a cat but the instinct that comes with being thirteen , the half-understood caution that makes a girl timid , or wild , the shyness told me to just walk .
te	0	Using a field in the Filter axis
te	0	That was last night , the second night Renata didn ’ t come home .
te	0	There was beach our town .
te	0	the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older .
te	0	Or perhaps this innovation is less significant than its enthusiasts believe .
te	0	There were only 15 minutes left of class .
te	0	The location is really stellar !
te	0	Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job .
te	0	The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin , sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations .
te	0	As a consequence , he could never be sure of any of it .
te	0	When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .
te	0	Do n't give these guys a penny .
te	0	I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .
te	0	I think this office has some serious billing practice issues !
te	0	A genteel lot , very conscious of their dignity , man-about-town and all that , you can imagine how the white toughies feel about all those white collars round black necks in the bar .
te	0	She then blows herself up , killing 20 people , including many children , with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant .
te	0	If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial , that is fine .
te	0	However , if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !
te	0	( I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again ) so I fineally checked it , and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida ! ! !
te	0	Please rise , then , for this minute 's silence .
te	0	But , as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic , Karel became more empathetic .
te	0	She had a cigar box full of odd buttons , as a supply of eyes , but she put it away from her because one of the things she had hated when she was young was the show of dissembling older women made when confronted with something vital to them .
te	0	It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .
te	0	There are different type of lighting bulbs used at home can affect the overall lighting consumption .
te	0	The narrative review considers challenges in replication research and is largely informed by commentaries and metascience from psychology , given that the cognitive and social subdomains of psychology are highly influential in L2 research , and also from education , another key sister discipline .
te	0	A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .
te	0	Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .
te	0	If I watch TV too much I might not speak to my family often .
te	0	`` My family came here from Earth , '' she said .
te	0	Of course , this is not a groundbreaking insight .
te	0	Any ER would be the same .
te	0	This week we will be holding a debate here on the safety of sea transport , in light of the Erika disaster , and in the course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of the safety of air transport .
te	0	I 'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight .
te	0	If I was Rummy I 'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there .
te	0	I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our sights in the Commission .
te	0	MLB statistics ( through September 20 , 2018 )
te	0	I do not want to spend much time with computers .
te	0	But after a near-fatal accident in 1832 ( he slipped and his head on the street ) , Balzac decided not to stand for election .
te	0	hissing is OK , unless they start to fight .
te	0	This is money you 've earned .
te	0	You can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party .
te	0	A leading example is food supply – an area where technology has continually produced ever-more highly processed and genetically refined food that scientists are only beginning to assess .
te	0	I have just as a normal worker but I have met so many famous singers who I ever seen on TV .
te	0	Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?
te	0	Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;
te	0	I will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .
te	0	For example , a small number of doctors set up the American College of Pediatricians ( ACPeds ) to advocate socially conservative viewpoints related to child health care .
te	0	This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .
te	0	Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .
te	0	The car concept has got off to a good start .
te	0	Colonel Bray is n't going to run a hotel .
te	0	Because you have to visit many shops and see many thing .
te	0	For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .
te	0	`` Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , '' the post reads .
te	0	Four bike loan depots , located along Rivertrail , allow riders to borrow a bike for free for up to twenty-four hours .
te	0	What Higuchi added was a special awareness of suffering and sensitivity .
te	0	Pittsburgh Pirates ( 2012 )
te	0	Makes me want to race ! ! !
te	0	Did she make it ?
te	0	It ’ s more subdued than I think what most people would expect .
te	0	As Heald told The Huffington Post , US surface ozone has dropped partly due to the Clean Air Act .
te	0	bearded dragon spikes ?
te	0	In fact , South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties .
te	0	This action accelerated the utilities ' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power-buying business . ''
te	0	I just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft Credit Support Annex ( similar in form to the one previously executed with ENA ) .
te	0	Unit of Measure :
te	0	This place is a Rip-Off
te	0	Rod was a happy man at that times .
te	0	During this time Balzac wrote two pamphlets in support of primogeniture and the Society of Jesus .
te	0	And her last name , Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?
te	0	Thank you for reading if you did ! : )
te	0	We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our responsibilities for the night .
te	0	Gallop , I 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .
te	0	What 's the best time to start a trip around the world ?
te	0	I have recieved your letter this morning .
te	0	I will be very glad to partecipate to your camp !
te	0	As for Christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .
te	0	Evansville , Indiana , United States -
te	0	to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications of the message ;
te	0	I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .
te	0	If so , are we ready to execute ?
te	0	Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .
te	0	- Arrv . Nice around noon ?
te	0	Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unkown actor who starred instead of him .
te	0	If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .
te	0	Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year .
te	0	Pete was leaning against the wall , watching the street go by .
te	0	I ’ ll call it herein ( as everyone mostly does ) simply The Chemical Wedding .
te	0	Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .
te	0	Best POS system in Philadelphia ?
te	0	not in the least .
te	0	The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .
te	0	I don ’ t call it a beast lightly .
te	0	Chemicals are still on our agenda in the EU .
te	0	They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
te	0	The girl shrugged . I 've read better and I 've read worse .
te	0	This is very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
te	0	Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen ' thing ! ) .
te	0	I have just seen the letter this morning and I am very happy for win the competition .
te	0	That 's what I call customer service !
te	0	The answer lies in one now-familiar name : Jack Abramoff .
te	0	This school is the worst one i 've ever been to .
te	0	Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred , David , John and me tomorrow ?
te	0	But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .
te	0	The improvement of technology can makes our life easy and in the other way it also can makes our life lazy .
te	0	Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley 's book .
te	0	08/07/2001 12:36 PM
te	0	Teco Tap 108.333 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
te	0	I never wanted to make politics a career .
te	0	I agree totally !
te	0	Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
te	0	They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .
te	0	I really want to travel when I leave school !
te	0	I 'm you , and you 're me .
te	0	Create an account .
te	0	He does have toys , a scratching post , LOTS of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .
te	0	I was wondering if there is a coach could give us a lesson during the Camp .
te	0	I used to go to campings .
te	0	I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .
te	0	Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ... ... ... .
te	0	Even though I think it most of time is very interesting , sometimes make people upsent .
te	0	In my daily life I can save time , but I think every body should use his saved time for things like hiking , walking , swimming , for a `` natural life `` and not for a life in a technical world with stress and sorrows because we are humans and not robots .
te	0	“ It ’ s an implant that will let them know where you are , and how you are .
te	0	In the town of Hillsborough , just outside Chapel Hill , someone firebombed the Republican Party headquarters last month .
te	0	September for example .
te	0	STEP ONE : You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting .
te	0	`` But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . ''
te	0	He blended belief systems such as Shamanism , Christianity , Buddhism , Paganism , Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
te	0	Remove the aluminum foil from the baking dish , add cheese or other seasonings , and bake for an additional 5 minutes .
te	0	So I got just my other rear tire replaced .
te	0	If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .
te	0	The history of strong cyclones and death in the region is notable , with at least 5 large cyclone events in the past 35 years with 10,000 and as many as 300,000 people killed , millions left homeless and estimated damages as high as US $ 10 billion .
te	0	Men tease women as being shop-cravers and for having shopping as the nicest passtime .
te	0	Maybe next time they will have it .
te	0	Jana Kueck was nothing but professional .
te	0	I moved away that year , away to a whole new place and a whole new school .
te	0	The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .
te	0	For fifteen years the Soviet Union has been supporting the Arabs against Israel in the Middle East and all they have to show for it is the humiliation of their proteges and the capture and destruction of their equipment by Israel .
te	0	`` Realism is nothing if not urban '' , notes critic Peter Brooks ;
te	0	I think you will be pleased .
te	0	But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades , so has its demand for energy .
te	0	To gain insight into these issues in the context of L2 research , the systematic review provides a synthesis of L2 studies in journal articles that self-labeled as replications .
te	0	Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .
te	0	Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husband too .
te	0	1 Inner field items
te	0	Shojai told the opening ceremony of the month-long fair in Tehran 's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum .
te	0	A blinding sunlight drowned all this at times in a sudden recrudescence of glare .
te	0	I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or 'Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
te	0	Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny !
te	0	Can we do on another day
te	0	Finally , there are a lot of mouseum is our town ,
te	0	In the same way , he chose the three others to play the roles he destined for them .
te	0	03/23/2001 10:13 AM
te	0	Your father never listens to me , what can I say ?
te	0	Nevertheless he agreed , but there was a quid pro quo , namely that NATO should not expand to the east , so Russia would at least have a kind of security zone .
te	0	There are different styles and types of shoes , so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at the store for advice , given your intentions for dancing .
te	0	Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .
te	0	Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts .
te	0	I 'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her ... she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake .
te	0	Often overshadowed by San Francisco , its larger neighbor lying directly to the west , Oakland has in recent years began to step out from under the shadows , playing upon the beautiful highlights of its own and its rise as the multicultural `` hipster ' city of the Bay Area .
te	0	When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .
te	0	On Wednesday , Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations .
te	0	I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .
te	0	He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .
te	0	I would like to thank you for your first prize in your competition two weeks at Camp California in the USA .
te	0	For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http : //gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
te	0	Volatility of USD/DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .
te	0	Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .
te	0	You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .
te	0	I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . ''
te	0	Public opinion and the press nowadays accuse us of being unavailable to give a response , even though we are going to be funding a large proportion of the national operations .
te	0	any format url ?
te	0	Please give me lots of links and places to look !
te	0	The owners were entertaining and gracious .
te	0	Thanks again Nina .
te	0	Theoretically , a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3 % on £12,000 – £360 .
te	0	Hoped it was not true .
te	0	This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
te	0	Is there any question ?
te	0	Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .
te	0	He would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket .
te	0	I 'm looking forward hearing from you .
te	0	In fact queuing up in front of every ticket office is wasting time .
te	0	Do I need to bring any special clothes or gize ?
te	0	If one is famous it has to accept also the disadvantages of be famous .
te	0	do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?
te	0	Travelled 40mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .
te	0	Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
te	0	they are great dogs .
te	0	Finally , a question regarding timing .
te	0	You can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
te	0	Protection B documents are the second lowest grade of classified government documents .
te	0	A real pleasure training with Natasha .
te	0	I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .
te	0	Great help even near closing time !
te	0	Image : David Shankbone
te	0	For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .
te	0	They forgot how beautiful could be the countryside , and only tourists you can meet in the castles or museums .
te	0	Please see attached .
te	0	Shawna Johnson Recruiting Coordinator
te	0	They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee .
te	0	Improving the energy efficiency of products contributes to the security of the energy supply , which is a precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable development .
te	0	i do n't think so .
te	0	in many ways , he is the antipode to Victor Hugo 's democratic republicanism .
te	0	The traffic of the great city went on in the deepening night upon the sleepless river .
te	0	Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .
te	0	I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show `` Over the Rainbow `` , wich you are the manager .
te	0	So I decided buying a ticket , but no discounts were available .
te	0	After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .
te	0	Tulsa Transit provides bus service for the Tulsa Metro area .
te	0	I started with 21 email addresses .
te	0	His message is still as impacting today and will always be even if this story happened a long time ago .
te	0	All comments , suggestions , etc . are appreciated .
te	0	Why you should avoid mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes
te	0	Of all the missiles in Iran 's armament , the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22 Sunburn .
te	0	For horses that are strong pullers .
te	0	Eurostar runs from London St Pancras station .
te	0	I am very happy and excited because I have won first prize in our competition .
te	0	I 'm not sure if I must say technology has changed our life in positive or not .
te	0	Thank you for your letter , like usual , it 's a pleisure to receive a word from you .
te	0	The pro-Beijing camp candidates elected were New People Party 's Michael Tien , DAB 's Ben Chan and Leung Che-cheung , FTU 's Alice Mak and pro-establishment nonpartisan Junius Ho .
te	0	Arrogant people have an extremely strong need to look good .
te	0	The two hands when upraised and folded together represent : `` Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus ' a ( Supreme Consciousness ) . ''
te	0	This company is overpriced for their services .
te	0	However most famous people , for example football player and film stars , have not got any privet life .
te	0	How could such a thing happen ?
te	0	But one travel expert warned in-flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers ' airline choices .
te	0	As I was a champion of swimming competition in Russia in 1997 , I 'd like to continue to practice my skills .
te	0	There are three possible dates for the meeting , which I suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m .
te	0	Thanks Run on !
te	0	Going to Fiji and i can not wait ?
te	0	Please look into that for me .
te	0	They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them & amp ; horror .
te	0	I 'm a writer .
te	0	`` Diligence '' is the key word for you , Taurus .
te	0	Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .
te	0	As you need more information , I answer all your questions with plesuare .
te	0	Let me put it this way - If you have watched TV recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc . then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us .
te	0	Commissioner Brittan should know this .
te	0	With the increasing of violence , more and more people are leaving the streets to spend their free time shopping - usually in shopping centres .
te	0	Thus far , none of the many `` human rights '' busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .
te	0	Especially the boat trip on river is a good idea because we all want to see Greenwich .
te	0	She ’ s got Alzheimer ’ s .
te	0	All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .
te	0	This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .
te	0	Place is next to carval and walmart .
te	0	Harry had heard these rumours about Malfoy 's family before , and they did n't surprise him at all .
te	0	In the future they both getting closer and closer .
te	0	If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .
te	0	`` His labyrinthine city provided a literary model used later by English novelist Charles Dickens and Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky .
te	0	You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Derivative Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .
te	0	I spend five years there , although I came all summers and we continued going out as we did before .
te	0	You can not eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner .
te	0	She makes every item fit you perfectly .
te	0	If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .
te	0	Get Mails Everyday < >
te	0	`` They are targetting ambulances '' , `` American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women '' , and `` They are using cluster bombs against civilians '' is all you get to hear from him .
te	0	I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
te	0	I love them ! ! !
te	0	I will manage client expectations accordingly .
te	0	Meanwhile , Bank of Scotland customers earn 3 % on balances of £3,000-£5,000 when they add the free Vantage option to their account .
te	0	Your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let Canon deal with it .